28000003|a|The objective of this study is to examine the frequency, development, concomitants, and risk factors of falls in a population-based incident Parkinson's disease (PD) cohort. One hundred eighty-one drug-na  ve patients with incident PD and 173 normal controls recruited from the Norwegian ParkWest study were prospectively monitored over 7  years. Information on falls was obtained biannually from patients, and at baseline and after 1, 3, 5, and 7  years of follow-up in control subjects. Generalized estimating equation models for correlated data were applied to investigate concomitant features of falls and risk factors for incident falls during 7  years of follow-up in PD. Overall, 64.1% of patients reported falling during the study period. The 7-year cumulative incidence of falls in non-falling patients at baseline (n  =  153) was 57.5%, with a relative risk to controls of at least 3.1 (95% confidence interval 1.5-6.3; p  <  0.002). Significant concomitants of falls in patients during the study period were higher age, Unified PD Rating Scale motor score, postural instability and gait difficulties (PIGD) phenotype, dementia, and follow-up time. Higher age at baseline, PIGD phenotype at 1-year visit, and follow-up time were independent risk factors for incident falls during follow-up. Nearly two-thirds of patients in the general PD population experience falls within 7 years of diagnosis, representing a more than threefold increased risk compared to age- and gender-matched controls. Patients with higher age at baseline and early PIGD have the greatest risk of falling and may, therefore, be the prime target of specialized assessment and treatment interventions.
28000004|a|
28000005|a|Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD) sometimes reveals multiple cerebral microbleeds (CMBs) and confluent white matter hyperintensities (WMHs) similar to those observed in cerebral amyloid angiopathy-related inflammation (CAA-I). To determine whether there might be common pathophysiological mechanisms underlying the MRI findings of multiple CMBs and confluent WMHs, we investigated the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) profiles of 38 AD, five amnestic mild cognitive impairment (MCI), and six CAA-I patients. The AD and MCI patients were divided into groups of patients with (n  =  10) or without (n  =  33) multiple CMBs (n  >=   2) on T2*-gradient echo sequences of brain MRI. We compared the CSF profiles of AD and MCI patients with or without multiple CMBs, and CAA-I patients. The brain MRIs of the patients with multiple CMBs revealed severe degrees of WMHs compared with the patients without multiple CMBs. The levels of CSF anti-amyloid b autoantibody and interleukin 8, and CSF/serum albumin ratios and immunoglobulin G indexes, were significantly higher in CAA-I patients than the other groups. However, there were no significant differences in the CSF profiles of patients with or without multiple CMBs. Our study provides evidence for different pathophysiological mechanisms underlying these differential MRI findings in AD and CAA-I.
28000006|a|There is no effective treatment available for facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy type 1 (FSHD1), but emerging therapies are under way that call for a better understanding of natural history in this condition. In this prospective, longitudinal study, we used quantitative MRI to assess yearly disease progression in patients with FSHD1. Ambulatory patients with confirmed diagnosis of FSHD1 (25/20 men/women, age 20-75  years, FSHD score: 0-12) were tested with 359-560-day interval between tests. Using the MRI Dixon technique, muscle fat replacement was evaluated in paraspinal, thigh, and calf muscles. Changes were compared with those in FSHD score, muscle strength (hand-held dynamometry), 6-minute-walk-distance, 14-step-stair-test, and 5-time-sit-to-stand-test. Composite absolute fat fraction of all assessed muscles increased by 0.036 (CI 0.026-0.046, P  <  0.001), with increases in all measured muscle groups. The clinical severity FSHD score worsened (10%, P  <  0.05), muscle strength decreased over the hip (8%), neck (8%), and back (17%) (P  <  0.05), but other strength measures, 6-minute-walk-distance, 5-times-sit-to-stand-test, and 14-step-stair-test were unchanged. Changes in muscle strength, FSHD score, and fat fraction did not correlate. This first study to systemically monitor quantitative fat replacement longitudinally in FSHD1 shows that MRI provides an objective measure of disease progression, often before changes can be appreciated in strength and functional tests. The study indicates that quantitative MRI can be a helpful end-point in follow-up and therapeutic trials of patients with FSHD1.
28000022|a|Seagrass, an important subtidal marine ecosystem, is being lost at a rate of 110  km(2)  year(-1), leading to fragmented seagrass seascapes. Habitat fragmentation is predicted to affect trophic levels differently, with higher trophic levels being more sensitive, stressing the importance of a multi-trophic perspective. Utilizing the trophic relationship between the blue crab (Callinectes sapidus) and hard clam (Mercenaria mercenaria), where adult blue crabs prey on juvenile blue crabs, and juvenile blue crabs prey on small hard clams, we examined whether predation rates, abundance, and behavior of predators and prey differed between continuous and fragmented seagrass in a multi-trophic context at two sites in Barnegat Bay, NJ. We tested the hypothesis that fragmented habitats would differentially affect trophic levels within a tri-trophic system, and our results supported this hypothesis. Densities of adult blue crabs were higher in fragmented than continuous habitats. Densities of juvenile blue crabs, the primary predator of hard clams, were lower in fragmented habitats than continuous, potentially due to increased predation by adult blue crabs. Clams experienced lower predation and burrowed to a shallower depth in fragmented habitats than in continuous habitat, likely due in part to the low densities of juvenile blue crabs, their primary predator. Our results suggest that while trophic levels are differentially affected, the impact of habitat fragmentation may be stronger on intermediate rather than top trophic levels in some marine systems.
28000023|a|Gaseous phase hydration effect of extremely dehydrated thallus of the Antarctic lichenized fungus Turgidosculum complicatulum and of green alga Prasiola crispa was observed using hydration kinetics, sorption isotherm, (1)H-NMR spectroscopy and relaxometry. Three bound water fractions were distinguished: (1) very tightly bound water, (2) tightly bound water and (3) a loosely bound water fraction detected at higher levels of hydration. Sorption isotherm was sigmoidal in form and well fitted using Dent model. The relative mass of water saturating primary water binding sites was   M/m 0  =  0.055 for T. complicatulum and   M/m 0  =  0.131 for P. crispa. (1)H-NMR free induction decays (FIDs) for T. complicatulum and for P. crispa were superpositions of a solid signal component, and one averaged liquid signal component for P. crispa thallus ([Formula: see text]     80    s) or two liquid signal components coming from a tightly bound ([Formula: see text]    71    s) and from a loosely bound water fraction ([Formula: see text]    278    s) for T. complicatulum. (1)H-NMR spectra recorded for T. complicatulum and for P. crispa thalli revealed one averaged mobile proton signal component L. The total liquid signal component expressed in units of solid (L 1  +  L 2)/S suggests the presence of water soluble fraction in T. complicatulum thallus.
28000024|a|PURPOSE: To evaluate the current practice patterns for the management of vulvodynia in the United States (US) and to estimate healthcare costs related to this condition. METHODS: Truven MarketScan Commercial Claims and Encounters databases for years 2009-2013 were utilized for analysis. The study cohort included women, 18  years or older, with a diagnosis of vulvodynia (ICD-9 625.70), who had been continuously enrolled for 360  days from the date of diagnosis. Measures included the most common prescriptions, primary procedures, associated diagnoses, as well as net healthcare costs. Statistical Analysis Software 9.3 was used for statistical analysis. RESULTS: Among 24,122 subjects with vulvodynia, 12,584 met enrollment criteria. Mean age was 41.0      12.9  years. Vulvar biopsy (29.6%), urinalysis (27.8%), urine culture (27.5%) and wet mount for infectious agents (25.5%) were commonly performed primary procedures. The most common prescriptions were antidepressants (32.4%), followed by opiates (27.6%), antifungals (26.1%), and steroidal agents (22.7%). Vulvodynia was frequently associated with vulvovaginitis (32.0%), urinary tract infection (20.6%), and chronic fatigue (18.6%). The mean net cost per patient including pharmacy claims during the follow-up period was  9591.80 (SD  14,595.52; 95% CI  9333.45- 9850.13). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings confirm great variation in the current management of vulvodynia. The variety of treatment approaches is a reflection of the poor current understanding of the etiology and pathophysiology of vulvodynia. Further research is needed to determine which treatments are most effective in the management of each subtype of vulvodynia.
28000025|a|OBJECTIVE: Laparoscopic approaches are the gold standard surgical treatment for intramural and subserous fibroids, whereas submucosal myomas can be treated via hysteroscopy. Removal of intramural myomas often requires a subsequent reconstruction of the uterine wall that ranges from single- to multiple-layer sutures to complex reconstructions. Several classification systems are currently used to characterize uterine fibroids, all of which focus on the assessment of submucosal fibroids during hysteroscopic myomectomy. There are no classification systems for the comprehensive localization of fibroids or for uterine reconstruction after myomectomy. Therefore, the aim of this study was to validate a new scoring system developed by our group to classify uterine leiomyoma as well as a standardized assessment scoring system for uterine reconstruction after surgical myomectomy. METHODS/PATIENTS: To validate the uterine fibroid and uterine reconstruction classification systems, a retrospective review of 136 patients undergoing surgical myomectomy and uterine reconstruction at a single tertiary institution was performed. The age of the patient, duration of surgery, number, size, and location of excised fibroids, number of uterine incisions, level of uterine reconstruction, desire for future pregnancies, pre- and postoperative hemoglobin concentrations, duration of postoperative hospitalization, and operating surgeon were obtained by medical chart review. For each patient, a specific fibroid score and the level of uterine reconstruction were determined according to the classification systems. Correlations between the uterine fibroid and reconstruction scores, as well as between the classification scores and perioperative parameters, were analyzed. RESULTS: The newly developed classification system for uterine fibroids incorporates the number, location, and size of myomas, as well as the number of uterine incisions required for myomectomy. The uterine reconstruction scoring system comprises four levels of reconstruction, ranging from no reconstruction to advanced reconstruction. Outcomes from 136 patients showed a correlation between uterine fibroid and uterine reconstructive scores. High fibroid scores were correlated with higher levels of reconstruction. Both scoring systems showed associations with the duration of surgery, intraoperative blood loss, and days of hospitalization. CONCLUSIONS: This study presents the first scoring system for uterine fibroids that incorporates all possible fibroid locations and a standardized assessment of uterine reconstruction. Scoring systems were validated in a large cohort, and a correlation was identified between uterine fibroid and uterine reconstruction scores. In daily clinical practice, this scoring system allows a better planning of surgery, specifically of the estimated duration of surgery, blood loss, and time of hospitalization.
28000036|a|Literature is lacking information about postural control performance of typically developing children during a transition task from double-leg stance to single-leg stance. The purpose of the present study was therefore to evaluate the clinical feasibility of a transition task in typical developing age groups as well as to study the correlation between associated balance measures and age.Thirty-three typically developing boys aged 6-20  years performed a standard transition task from DLS to SLS with eyes open (EO) and eyes closed (EC). Balance features derived from the center of pressure displacement captured by a single force platform were correlated with age on the one hand and considered for differences in the perspective of limb dominance on the other hand.All TDB (typically developing boys) were able to perform the transition task with EO. With respect to EC condition, all TDB from the age group 6-7  years and the youngest of the age group 8-12  years (N  =  4) were unable to perform the task. No significant differences were observed between the balance measures of the dominant and non-dominant limbs.With respect to EO condition, correlation analyses indicated that time to new stability point (TNSP) as well as the sway measure after this TNSP were correlated with age (p  <  0.0001). For the EC condition, only the anthropometrically scaled sway measure was found to be correlated (p  =  0.03). CONCLUSION: The results provide additional insight into balance development in childhood and may serve as a useful basis for assessing balance impairments in higher functioning children with musculoskeletal problems. What is Known:     Reference data regarding postural balance of typically developing children during walking, running, sit-to-stand, and bipodal and unipodal stance has been well documented in the literature.     These reference data provided not only insight into the maturation process of the postural control system, but also served in diagnosing and managing functional repercussions of neurological and orthopedic pathologies. What is New:     Objective data regarding postural balance of typical developing children during a transition task from double-leg stance to single-leg stance.     Insight into the role of maturation on the postural control system.
28000037|a|OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess the ability of alternating current impedance spectroscopy technique (ACIST) to monitor sound tooth surfaces and incipient carious lesions. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Two hundred ninety-two teeth were examined in 30 patients. Occlusal surfaces were classified according to International Caries Detection and Assessment System (ICDAS). Two consecutive ACIST measurements at the investigation sites already visually examined were taken (t1). Examinations were repeated after 6 (t2) and 12  months (t3). Reproducibility of ACIST findings was calculated with the intra-class correlation coefficient. Values of the ACIST measurements were categorized, and kappa values were calculated. Spearman correlation coefficients (r s) were calculated for correlations between ICDAS findings and ACIST measurements. To test whether ACIST detected changes similarly to ICDAS, Wilcoxon's test was used (a  =  0.05). RESULTS: Intra-class correlation coefficient values of ACIST measurements ranged between 0.88 and 0.98. Kappa values for ACIST categories were 0.66-0.80. Rank correlation coefficient of ICDAS and ACIST readings was 0.38-0.65 at different time intervals (p  <  0.01). Significant differences could be shown for ICDAS findings between t1/t2 (p  =  0.001), t2/t3 (p  =  0.021), and over the total duration of the study (t1/t3, p  <  0.001). No significant differences between the various examination periods were found for the impedance measurements (p  >  0.05). CONCLUSIONS: ACIST exhibited in vivo high reproducibility but moderate correlation to visual findings at each time of examination. CLINICAL RELEVANCE: ACIST can be used for monitoring sound teeth and early carious lesions although its suitability as a single detection method is limited since not all changes could be detected with respect to visual findings.
28000038|a|OBJECTIVES: The aim of the present study was to investigate and compare the management of pulps exposed during carious tissue removal by French, German, and Norwegian general dental practitioners (GDPs). We further aimed to assess possible dentist- and patient-related factors associated with these management decisions. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A structured questionnaire was send via mail to a simple random sample of dentists. RESULTS: The analyzed sample consisted of 661 (33%) French GDPs, 622 (25%) German GDPs, and 199 (34%) Norwegian GDPs. No single management method gained uniform consensus in any of the three countries. However, the most preferred management option in all three countries was direct pulp capping (DPC) (68-93%) mainly performed with calcium hydroxide paste/slurry (CH). Alternatively, root canal treatment was performed (7-22%). The reasons that guided GDPs were the same in all three countries; "good results" and "ease of use, familiar with the technique." Having read scientific articles about cariology/operative dentistry in the last 5  years increased the odds for the preference of DPC instead of root canal treatment (OR   =   2.1, 95% CI 1.3-3.2). CONCLUSIONS: Among GDPs in France, Germany, and Norway, there was no uniform management option for pulp exposures during carious tissue removal. DPC with CH was the most preferred management, even though the current evidence suggests DPC with mineral trioxide aggregate (MTA) to be more successful. The outcome expectations and the assumed ease of use were reasons for GDPs' choice. Moreover, knowledge on current evidence towards such management options influenced treatment decisions. CLINICAL RELEVANCE: GDPs are encouraged to adopt management options based on current scientific evidence.
28000039|a|OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study is to evaluate the long-term clinical performance of a glass ionomer (GI) restorative system in the restoration of posterior teeth compared with a micro-filled hybrid posterior composite. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 140 (80 Cl1 and 60 Cl2) lesions in 59 patients were restored with a GI system (Equia) or a micro hybrid composite (Gradia Direct). Restorations were evaluated at baseline and yearly during 6  years according to the modified-USPHS criteria. Negative replicas at each recall were observed under SEM to evaluate surface characteristics. Data were analyzed with Cohcran's Q and McNemar's tests (p   <   0.05). RESULTS: One hundred fifteen (70 Cl1 and 45 Cl2) restorations were evaluated in 47 patients with a recall rate of 79.6% at 6  years. Significant differences were found in marginal adaptation and marginal discoloration for both restorative materials for Cl1 and Cl2 restorations (p   <   0.05). However, none of the materials were superior to the other (p   >   0.05). A significant decrease in color match was observed in Equia restorations (p   <   0.05). Only one Cl2 Equia restoration was missing at 3  years and another one at 4  years. No failures were observed at 5 and 6  years. Both materials exhibited clinically successful performance after 6  years. SEM evaluations were in accordance with the clinical findings. CONCLUSIONS: Both materials showed a good clinical performance for the restoration of posterior teeth during the 6-year evaluation. CLINICAL RELEVANCE: The clinical effectiveness of Equia and Gradia Direct Posterior was acceptable in Cl1 and Cl2 cavities subsequent to 6-year evaluation.
28000040|a|UNASSIGNED: After introduction of the protoporphyrin IX-triplet state lifetime technique as a new method to measure mitochondrial oxygen tension in vivo, the development of a clinical monitor was started. This monitor is the "COMET", an acronym for Cellular Oxygen METabolism. The COMET is a non-invasive electrically powered optical device that allows measurements on the skin. The COMET is easy to transport, due to its lightweight and compact size. After 5-aminolevulinic acid application on the human skin, a biocompatible sensor enables detection of PpIX in the mitochondria. PpIX acts as a mitochondrially located oxygen-sensitive dye. Three measurement types are available in the touchscreen-integrated user interface, 'Single', 'Interval' and 'Dynamic measurement'. COMET is currently used in several clinical studies in our institution. In this first description of the COMET device we show an incidental finding during neurosurgery. To treat persisting intraoperative hypertension a patient was administered clonidine, but due to rapid administration an initial phase of peripheral vasoconstriction occurred. Microvascular flow and velocity parameters measured with laser-doppler (O2C, LEA Medizintechnik) decreased by 44 and 16% respectively, but not the venous-capillary oxygen saturation. However, mitochondrial oxygen tension in the skin detected by COMET decreased from a steady state of 48 to 16  mmHg along with the decrease in flow and velocity. We conclude that COMET is ready for clinical application and we see the future for this bedside monitor on the intensive care, operating theater, and testing of mitochondrial effect of pharmaceuticals.
28000049|a|Menghai rhabdovirus (MRV) was isolated from Aedes albopictus in Menghai county of Yunnan Province, China, in August 2010. Whole-genome sequencing of MRV was performed using an Ion PGM    Sequencer. We found that MRV is a single-stranded, negative-sense RNA virus. The complete genome of MRV has 10,744 nt, with short inverted repeat termini, encoding five typical rhabdovirus proteins (N, P, M, G, and L) and an additional small hypothetical protein. Nucleotide BLAST analysis using the BLASTn method showed that the genome sequence most similar to that of MRV is that of Arboretum virus (NC_025393.1), with a Max score of 322, query coverage of 14%, and 66% identity. Genomic and phylogenetic analyses both demonstrated that MRV should be considered a member of a novel species of the family Rhabdoviridae.
28000051|a|
28000052|a|We previously reported a pair of H5N1 avian influenza viruses which are genetically similar but differ greatly in their virulence in mice. A/Chicken/Jiangsu/k0402/2010 (CK10) is highly lethal to mice, whereas A/Goose/Jiangsu/k0403/2010 (GS10) is avirulent. In this study, to investigate the host factors that account for their virulence discrepancy, we compared the pathology and host proteome of the CK10- or GS10-infected mouse lung. Moderate lung injury was observed from CK10-infected animals as early as the first day of infection, and the pathology steadily progressed at later time point. However, only mild lesions were observed in GS10-infected mouse lung at the late infection stage. Using the quantitative iTRAQ coupled LC-MS/MS method, we first found that more significantly differentially expressed (DE) proteins were stimulated by GS10 compared with CK10. However, bio-function analysis of the DE proteins suggested that CK10 induced much stronger inflammatory response-related functions than GS10. Canonical pathway analysis also demonstrated that CK10 highly activated the "Acute Phase Response Signaling," which results in a wide range of biological activities in response to viral infection, including many inflammatory processes. Further in-depth analysis showed that CK10 exacerbated acute lung injury-associated responses, including inflammatory response, cell death, reactive oxygen species production and complement response. In addition, some of these identified proteins that associated with the lung injury were further confirmed to be regulated in vitro. Therefore, our findings suggest that the early increased lung injury-associated host response induced by CK10 may contribute to the lung pathology and the high virulence of this virus in mice.
28000057|a|PURPOSE: In an attempt to improve in vitro embryo production, we investigated the effect of fibroblast growth factor 10 (FGF10) during in vitro maturation on the developmental capacity of bovine oocytes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Cumulus-oocyte complexes (COCs) were aspirated from follicles of 3-8  mm diameter. After selection, the COCs were matured in medium with or without 0.5  ng/mL of FGF10. The effect of FGF10 during in vitro maturation (IVM) on nuclear maturation kinetics and expansion of the cumulus cells was investigated. Oocyte competence was assessed by the production and development speed of embryos and the relative expression of genes associated with embryo quality. RESULTS: FGF10 delayed the resumption of meiosis from 8  h onwards, but did not affect the percentage of oocytes reaching metaphase II, nor did it increase cumulus expansion at 22  h of maturation. We found no difference between treatments regarding embryo production, developmental speed, and gene expression. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, the presence of FGF10 during IVM had no effect on embryo production, developmental speed, and gene expression.
28000058|a|PURPOSE: The aim of this study is to estimate the weight of each relevant factor in such unions of inadvertent consanguinity and to determine a "reasonable" limit for the number of children per donor, matching the probability of inadvertent consanguinity arising from the use of sperm donor in assisted reproduction with that of such a union arising from false paternity. METHODS: In this study, we applied to Spanish data a mathematical model of consanguineous unions, taking into account the following factors: maximum number of live births/donor, fertility rate, average number of births per donor in a pregnancy, donor success rate, matings per phenotype, number of newborns/year, and number of donors needed in the population/year and births by false paternity. RESULTS: In Spain, the number of inadvertent unions between descendants of the same donor in Spain has been estimated at 0.4/year (one every two and a half years), although this frequency decreases as the reference population increases. On the other hand, the frequency of unions between family members due to false paternity has been estimated at 6.1/year. Thus, only 6% of such unions are due to the use of donor sperm. CONCLUSION: A total of 25 children per sperm donor are needed to align the probability of inadvertant consanguinity arising from the use of assisted reproduction with that due to false paternity. Therefore, we consider this number to be the maximum "reasonable" number of children born per donor in Spain.
28000060|a|Ebola virus (EBOV) causes severe hemorrhagic fever in humans and non-human primates with high rates of fatality. Glycoprotein (GP) is the only envelope protein of EBOV, which may play a critical role in virus attachment and entry as well as stimulating host protective immune responses. However, the lack of expression of full-length GP in Escherichia coli hinders the further study of its function in viral pathogenesis. In this study, the vp40 gene was fused to the full-length gp gene and cloned into a prokaryotic expression vector. We showed that the VP40-GP and GP-VP40 fusion proteins could be expressed in E.coli at 16   C. In addition, it was shown that the position of vp40 in the fusion proteins affected the yields of the fusion proteins, with a higher level of production of the fusion protein when vp40 was upstream of gp compared to when it was downstream. The results provide a strategy for the expression of a large quantity of EBOV full-length GP, which is of importance for further analyzing the relationship between the structure and function of GP and developing an antibody for the treatment of EBOV infection.
28000074|a|The combined use of organic amendment-assisted phytoextraction and electrokinetic remediation to decontaminate Cd-polluted soil was demonstrated in a laboratory-scale experiment. The plant species selected was the hyperaccumulator Sedum alfredii. Prior to the pot experiment, the loamy soil was treated with 15  g  kg(-1) of pig manure compost, 10  g  kg(-1) of humic acid, or 5  mmol  kg(-1) of EDTA, and untreated soil without application of any amendment was the control. Two conditions were applied to each treatment: no voltage (without an electrical field) and a direct current (DC) electrical field (1  V  cm(-1) with switching polarity every day). Results indicated that Cd concentrations in S. alfredii were significantly (p  <  0.05) increased by application of the electrical field and soil amendments (pig manure compost, humic acid, and EDTA). By switching the polarity of the DC electrical field, significant pH variation from anode to cathode can be avoided, and no significant impact was observed on shoot biomass production. Electrical field application increased DTPA-extractable Cd in soils and the Cd accumulation in shoots by 6.06-15.64 and 24.53-52.31%, respectively. The addition of pig manure compost and humic acid enhanced shoot Cd accumulation by 1.54- to 1.92- and 1.38- to 1.64-fold because of their simultaneous enhancement of Cd concentration in shoots and biomass production. However, no enhancement of Cd accumulation was found in the EDTA treatment, which can be ascribed to the inhibition of plant growth caused by EDTA. In conclusion, pig manure compost or humic acid addition in combination with the application of a switched-polarity DC electrical field could significantly enhance Cd phytoextraction by hyperaccumulator S. alfredii.
28000075|a|BACKGROUND: Debate on the value of lymphadenectomy continues in endometrial cancer. The aim of this study was to investigate patient and clinician preferences for routine lymphadenectomy versus no lymphadenectomy in the surgical management of endometrial cancer. METHODS: A discrete choice experiment and trade-off question were designed and distributed to 103 endometrial cancer patients and 90 gynecologic oncologists. Participant preferences were quantified with regression analysis using scenarios based on three attributes: 5-year progression-free survival and the rates of acute and chronic complication. A trade-off technique varying the risk of recurrence for no lymphadenectomy was used to quantify any additional risk of recurrence that these participants would accept to receive no lymphadenectomy instead of routine lymphadenectomy. RESULTS: On the basis of discrete choice experiment, the recurrence rate and lymphedema risk had a statistically significant impact on respondents' preference. The trade-off question showed that the median additional accepted risk of having no lymphadenectomy was 2.8% for gynecologic oncologists (0.5-14%) and 3.0% for patients (0.5-10%), but this difference was not significant (p  =  0.620). Patients who were younger or had a higher education level or no history of delivery or shorter duration since diagnosis were prepared to accept higher additional risks of having no lymphadenectomy. CONCLUSIONS: Our results show that the majority of endometrial cancer patients and clinicians will accept a small amount of recurrence risk to reduce the incidence of lymphedema. Regarding preference heterogeneity among patients, our results show that it is important for surgeons to take a patient-tailored approach when discussing surgical management.
28000076|a|BACKGROUND: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) downstages tumor size and nodal disease. This study evaluates national practice patterns of NAC use in hormone receptor-negative breast cancer. METHODS: We identified patients in the National Cancer Data Base (NCDB) with hormone receptor-negative invasive breast cancer (2004-2012). Univariate and multivariable logistic regression was used to assess associations and trends across time. RESULTS: Of 171,985 patients, 130,723 (76.0%) received chemotherapy and 41,262 (24.0%) did not. Chemotherapy use was higher in young patients and higher T- and N-stage disease (all p  <  0.001). Of those patients treated with chemotherapy, 23,165 (17.7%) received NAC and 107,558 (82.3%) received adjuvant chemotherapy (AC). NAC use increased from 2004 to 2012 (13.0-23.5%; adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.42; p  <  0.001). Higher clinical T stage (ORs 3.63, 11.81, and 22.34 for cT2, cT3, and cT4a-c, respectively, vs. cT1) and cN+ disease (OR 2.86) [each p  <  0.001] were associated with NAC, as were younger patient age and better Charlson-Deyo comorbidity score. Furthermore, BCS rate was higher in the NAC group in cT2 and cT3 tumors (aOR 1.17 and 1.45, respectively; both p  <  0.001). In patients with cN+ disease, NAC converted 43.7% to pN0. Less extensive axillary surgery (one to five nodes removed) was more likely in cN+ patients treated with NAC (aOR 1.66; p  <  0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In hormone receptor-negative breast cancer, chemotherapy was mostly administered adjuvantly, but neoadjuvant use increased over time and was more likely in younger patients and higher T- and N-stage disease. Node-positive patients treated with NAC were less likely to have pathologically positive nodes and more likely to have less extensive axillary surgery.
28000077|a|
28000080|a|Proteins harbor domains or short linear motifs, which facilitate their functions and interactions. Finding functional motifs in protein sequences could predict the putative cellular roles or characteristics of hypothetical proteins. In this study, we present Shetti-Motif, which is an interactive tool to (i) map UniProt and PROSITE flat files, (ii) search for multiple pre-defined consensus patterns or experimentally validated functional motifs in large datasets protein sequences (proteome-wide), (iii) search for motifs containing repeated residues (low-complexity regions, e.g., Leu-, SR-, PEST-rich motifs, etc.). As proof of principle, using this comparative proteomics pipeline, eleven proteomes encoded by member of Poxviridae family were searched against about 100 experimentally validated functional motifs. The closely related viruses and viruses infect the same host cells (e.g. vaccinia and variola viruses) show similar motif-containing proteins profile. The motifs encoded by these viruses are correlated, which explains why poxviruses are able to interact with wide range of host cells. In conclusion, this in silico analysis is useful to establish a dataset(s) or potential proteins for further investigation or compare between species.
28000090|a|
28000092|a|UNASSIGNED: This article applies tools from argumentation theory to slippery slope arguments used in current ethical debates on genetic engineering. Among the tools used are argumentation schemes, value-based argumentation, critical questions, and burden of proof. It is argued that so-called drivers such as social acceptance and rapid technological development are also important factors that need to be taken into account alongside the argumentation scheme. It is shown that the slippery slope argument is basically a reasonable (but defeasible) form of argument, but is often flawed when used in ethical debates because of failures to meet the requirements of its scheme.
28000093|a|UNASSIGNED: The mining and energy industries present unique challenges to engineers, who must navigate sometimes competing responsibilities and codes of conduct, such as personal senses of right and wrong, professional ethics codes, and their employers' corporate social responsibility (CSR) policies. Corporate social responsibility (CSR) is the current dominant framework used by industry to conceptualize firms' responsibilities to their stakeholders, yet has it plays a relatively minor role in engineering ethics education. In this article, we report on an interdisciplinary pedagogical intervention in a petroleum engineering seminar that sought to better prepare engineering undergraduate students to critically appraise the strengths and limitations of CSR as an approach to reconciling the interests of industry and communities. We find that as a result of the curricular interventions, engineering students were able to expand their knowledge of the social, rather than simply environmental and economic dimensions of CSR. They remained hesitant, however, in identifying the links between those social aspects of CSR and their actual engineering work. The study suggests that CSR may be a fruitful arena from which to illustrate the profoundly sociotechnical dimensions of the engineering challenges relevant to students' future careers.
28000095|a|The pro-inflammatory activation of pulmonary microvascular endothelial cells resulting in continuous expression of cellular adhesion molecules, and subsequently recruiting primed neutrophils to form a firm neutrophils-endothelium (PMN-EC) adhesion, has been examined and found to play a vital role in acute lung injury (ALI). RNA interference (RNAi) is a cellular process through harnessing a natural pathway silencing target gene based on recognition and subsequent degradation of specific mRNA sequences. It opens a promising approach for precision medicine. However, this application was hampered by many obstacles, such as immunogenicity, instability, toxicity problems, and difficulty in across the biological membrane. In this study, we reprogrammed urine exfoliated renal epithelial cells into human induced pluripotent stem cells (huiPSCs) and purified the exosomes (Exo) from huiPSCs as RNAi delivery system. Through choosing the episomal system to deliver transcription factors, we obtained a non-integrating huiPSCs. Experiments in both vitro and vivo demonstrated that these huiPSCs possess the pluripotent properties. The exosomes of huiPSCs isolated by differential centrifugation were visualized by transmission electron microscopy (TEM) showing a typical exosomal appearance with an average diameter of 122  nm. Immunoblotting confirmed the presence of the typical exosomal markers, including CD63, TSG 101, and Alix. Co-cultured PKH26-labeled exosomes with human primary pulmonary microvascular endothelial cells (HMVECs) confirmed that they could be internalized by recipient cells at a time-dependent manner. Then, electroporation was used to introduce siRNA against intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) into exosomes to form an Exo/siRNA compound. The Exo/siRNA compound efficiently delivered the target siRNA into HMVECs causing selective gene silencing, inhibiting the ICAM-1 protein expression, and PMN-EC adhesion induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS). These data suggest that huiPSCs exosomes could be used as a natural gene delivery vector to transport therapeutic siRNAs for alleviating inflammatory responses in recipient cells.
28000115|a|When participants predict the upcoming stimulus in a randomized choice reaction task, a match between prediction and stimulus increases processing speed at a level similar to that observed in cueing studies with highly valid cues. This might be taken to suggest that people cannot help but fully use their self-generated, verbalized predictions for preparing task processing. Thus, we tested how flexibly participants can control formation and implementation of predictions. In Experiment 1, we varied validity and response-relevance of predictions. We observed that prediction effects on RT can be boosted by increasing validity, but prevail under adverse circumstances. This was not the case in a control group who read rather than predicted the feature words, suggesting that the effect was specific to predictions as such. Experiment 2 provided further evidence for limited control of participants over implementing and forming predictions. Participants were provided with practice on stimuli occurring with varying frequency, but neither learned to strategically choose predictions to maximize the number of match trials, nor did they reduce the amount of prediction-based preparation when predicting an infrequent stimulus. As sequential aftereffects of prediction match did not vary with validity, they were identified as an independent effect of verbalizing a response-relevant stimulus feature. The results are consistent with the view that the predicted stimulus feature is represented in the focus of attention in working memory and that the amount of implementation can be subject to weighting.
28000116|a|In April 2016, Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) went live with the Epic electronic health records (EHR) system, replacing a variety of EHRs that previously existed in different departments throughout the hospital. At the time of implementation, the Vocera   Badge Communication System, a wireless hands-free communication device distributed to perioperative team members, had increased perioperative communication flow and efficiency. As a quality improvement effort to better understand communication patterns during an EHR go-live, we monitored our Vocera call volume and user volume before, during and after our go-live. We noticed that call volume and user volume significantly increased during our immediate go-live period and quickly returned to baseline levels. We also noticed that call volume increased during periods of unplanned EHR downtime long after our immediate go-live period. When planning the implementation of a new EHR, leadership must plan for and support this critical communication need at the time of the go-live and must also be aware of these needs during unplanned downtime.
28000117|a|Indoor environments are characterized by several pollutant sources. Because people spend more than 90% of their time in indoor environments, several studies have pointed out the impact of indoor air quality on the etiopathogenesis of a wide number of non-specific symptoms which characterizes the "Sick Building Syndrome", involving the skin, the upper and lower respiratory tract, the eyes and the nervous system, as well as many building related diseases. Thus, indoor air quality (IAQ) is recognized as an important factor to be controlled for the occupants' health and comfort. The majority of the monitoring systems presently available is very expensive and only allow to collect random samples. This work describes the system (iAQ), a low-cost indoor air quality monitoring wireless sensor network system, developed using Arduino, XBee modules and micro sensors, for storage and availability of monitoring data on a web portal in real time. Five micro sensors of environmental parameters (air temperature, humidity, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and luminosity) were used. Other sensors can be added for monitoring specific pollutants. The results reveal that the system can provide an effective indoor air quality assessment to prevent exposure risk. In fact, the indoor air quality may be extremely different compared to what is expected for a quality living environment. Systems like this would have benefit as public health interventions to reduce the burden of symptoms and diseases related to "sick buildings".
28000118|a|We introduce a smart sensor-based motion detection technique for objective measurement and assessment of surgical dexterity among users at different experience levels. The goal is to allow trainees to evaluate their performance based on a reference model shared through communication technology, e.g., the Internet, without the physical presence of an evaluating surgeon. While in the current implementation we used a Leap Motion Controller to obtain motion data for analysis, our technique can be applied to motion data captured by other smart sensors, e.g., OptiTrack. To differentiate motions captured from different participants, measurement and assessment in our approach are achieved using two strategies: (1) low level descriptive statistical analysis, and (2) Hidden Markov Model (HMM) classification. Based on our surgical knot tying task experiment, we can conclude that finger motions generated from users with different surgical dexterity, e.g., expert and novice performers, display differences in path length, number of movements and task completion time. In order to validate the discriminatory ability of HMM for classifying different movement patterns, a non-surgical task was included in our analysis. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach had 100 % accuracy in discriminating between expert and novice performances. Our proposed motion analysis technique applied to open surgical procedures is a promising step towards the development of objective computer-assisted assessment and training systems.
28000122|a|Artisanal zinc smelting activities, which had been widely applied in Bijie City, Guizhou Province, southwestern of China, can pollute surrounding farmlands. In the present study, 177 farmland topsoil samples of Bijie City were collected and 11 potentially toxic trace elements (PTEs), namely Pb, Zn, Cu, Ni, Co, Mn, Cr, V, Hg, As, and Cd were tested to characterize the concentrations, sources, and ecological risks. Mean concentrations of these PTEs in soils were (mg/kg) as follows: Pb (127), Zn (379), Cu (93.1), Ni (54.6), Co (26.2), Mn (1095), Cr (133), V (206), Hg (0.15), As (16.2), and Cd (3.08). Pb, Zn, and Cd had coefficients of variation greater than 100% and showed a high uneven distribution and spatial variability in the study area. Correlation coefficient analysis and principal component analysis (PCA) were used to quantify potential pollution sources. Results showed that Cu, Ni, Co, Mn, and V came from natural sources, whereas Pb, Zn, Hg, As, and Cd came from anthropogenic pollution sources. Geoaccumulation index and potential ecological risk indices were employed to study the pollution degree of PTEs, which revealed that Pb and Cd shared the greatest contamination and would pose serious ecological risks to the surrounding environment. The results of this study could help the local government managers to establish pollution control strategies and to secure food safety.
28000123|a|Thermotolerant coliform (TC) loadings were quantified for 49 catchments draining into the North and South Bays of Santa Catarina (SC, southeastern Brazil), an area known for its tourism and aquaculture. TC loadings were calculated based on flow measurements taken in 26 rivers. TC concentrations ere quantified based on surface water samples collected at 49 catchment outlets in 2012 and 2013. Median TC loads ranged from 3.7  *  10(3) to 6.8  *  10(8) MPN  s(-1). TC loadings in the catchments increased in proportion to increases in resident human population, population density and percentage of urbanised area. Catchments with more than 60% of area covered by wastewater collection and treatment systems had higher TC loads per person than catchments with less than 25%. Based on the study catchments, these results indicate that current sewerage infrastructure is ineffective in reducing contamination of faecal origin to surface waters. These findings have important implications for the management of microbiological health hazards in bathing, recreational and shellfish aquaculture waters in the North and South Bays of Santa Catarina Island.
28000124|a|Epiphytic lichens, collected from 119 sampling sites grown over "Roistonea Royal Palm" trees, were used to assess the spatial distribution pattern of lead (Pb) and identify possible pollution sources in Havana (Cuba). Lead concentrations in lichens and topsoils were determined by flame atomic absorption spectrophotometry and inductively coupled plasma (ICP) atomic emission spectrometry, respectively, while Pb in crude oils and gasoline samples were measured by ICP-time of flight mass spectrometry (ICP-ToF-MS). Lead isotopic ratios measurements for lichens, soils, and crude oils were obtained by ICP-ToF-MS. We found that enrichment factors (EF) reflected a moderate contamination for 71% of the samples (EF  >  10). The (206)Pb/(207)Pb ratio values for lichens ranged from 1.17 to 1.20 and were a mixture of natural radiogenic and industrial activities (e.g., crude oils and fire plants). The low concentration of Pb found in gasoline (<7.0   g  L(-1)) confirms the official statement that leaded gasoline is no longer used in Cuba.
28000129|a|BACKGROUND: Patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) often develop hydrocephalus requiring an external ventricular drain (EVD). The best available evidence suggests that a rapid EVD wean and intermittent CSF drainage is safe, reduces complications, and shortens ICU and hospital length of stay as compared to a gradual wean and continuous drainage. However, optimal EVD management remains controversial and the baseline practice among neurological ICUs is unclear. Therefore, we sought to determine current institutional practices of EVD management for patients with aneurysmal SAH. METHODS: An e-mail survey was sent to attending intensivists and neurosurgeons from 72 neurocritical care units that are registered with the Neurocritical Care Research Network or have been previously associated with the existing literature on the management of EVDs in critically ill patients. Only one response was counted per institution. RESULTS: There were 45 out of 72 institutional responses (63%). The majority of responding institutions (80%) had a single predominant EVD management approach. Of these, 78% favored a gradual EVD weaning strategy. For unsecured aneurysms, 81% kept the EVD continuously open and 19% used intermittent drainage. For secured aneurysms, 94% kept the EVD continuously open and 6% used intermittent drainage. Among continuously drained patients, the EVD was leveled at 18 (unsecured) and 11  cm H<sub>2</sub>O (secured) (p  <  0.0001). When accounting for whether the EVD strategy was to enhance or minimize CSF drainage, there was a significant difference in the management of unsecured versus secured aneurysms with 42% using an enhance drainage approach in unsecured patients and 92% using an enhance drainage approach in secured patients (p  <  0.0001). CONCLUSION: Most institutions utilize a single predominant EVD management approach, with a consensus toward a continuously open EVD to enhance CSF drainage in secured aneurysm patients coupled with a gradual weaning strategy. This finding is surprising given that the best available evidence suggests that the opposite approach is safe and can reduce ICU and hospital length of stay. We recommend a critical reassessment of the approach to the management of EVDs. Given the potential impact on patient outcomes and length of stay, more research needs to be done to reach a threshold for practice change, ideally via multicenter and randomized trials.
28000132|a|BACKGROUND: Delayed cerebral ischemia (DCI) contributes to morbidity following aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage; however, its etiology remains poorly understood. DCI is not only a consequence of angiographic vasospasm, but also involves microthrombosis and neuroinflammation, two events with unexplained phenomenology. The vascular endothelial glycocalyx mediates platelet aggregation and endothelial cell-leukocyte interactions and may play an important role in DCI pathogenesis. METHODS: We present a case series in which we conducted multiplex and singlet enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays of endothelial, glycocalyx, inflammatory, and neuroinjury proteins in both CSF and plasma in three patients during active DCI following SAH. Samples were obtained at baseline following surgical repair of SAH, and again at DCI onset. CSF was sampled at the same time points from in situ external ventricular drains. RESULTS: DCI was associated with significant elevations of soluble markers of endotheliopathy, including vascular adhesion protein-1, soluble fractions of endothelial cell adhesion molecules (CAMs), procoagulant tissue factor, and specific markers of glycocalyx injury, including syndecan-1, and CD44. These phenomena were also associated with an elevation of both circulating and CSF matrix metalloproteinases, which are known to cleave components of the glycocalyx. Elevation of vascular CAM-1 in the CSF with DCI indicated these events were possibly associated with the breakdown of brain microvasculature integrity. CONCLUSIONS: These preliminary data support the hypothesis that glycocalyx injury occurs in SAH, and might contribute to DCI by regulating cerebral microthrombosis and delayed neuroinflammation.
28000133|a|BACKGROUND: While systolic dysfunction has been observed following traumatic brain injury (TBI), the relationship between early hemodynamics and the development of systolic dysfunction has not been investigated. Our study aimed to determine the early hemodynamic profile that is associated with the development of systolic dysfunction after TBI. METHODS: We conducted a prospective cohort study among patients under 65  years old without cardiac comorbidities who sustained moderate-severe TBI. Transthoracic echocardiography was performed within the first day after TBI to assess for systolic dysfunction. Hourly systolic blood pressure (SBP), mean arterial pressure (MAP), heart rate, and confounding clinical variables (sedatives, fluid balance, vasopressors, and osmotherapy) were collected during the first 24  h following admission. Multivariable linear mixed models assessed the early hemodynamic profile in patients who developed systolic dysfunction, compared to patients who did not develop systolic dysfunction. RESULTS: Thirty-two patients were included, and 7 (22  %) developed systolic dysfunction after TBI. Patients who developed systolic dysfunction experienced early elevation of SBP, MAP, and heart rate, compared to patients who did not develop systolic dysfunction (p  <  0.01 for all comparisons). Patients who developed systolic dysfunction experienced a greater rate of decrease in SBP [-10.2  mmHg (95  % CI -16.1, -4.2)] and MAP [-9.1  mmHg (95  % CI -13.9, -4.3)] over the first day of hospitalization, compared to patients who did not develop systolic dysfunction (p  <  0.01 for both comparisons). All sensitivity analyses revealed no substantial changes from the primary model. CONCLUSIONS: Patients who develop systolic dysfunction following TBI have a distinctive hemodynamic profile, with early hypertension and tachycardia, followed by a decrease in blood pressure over the first day after TBI. This profile suggests an early maladaptive catecholamine-excess state as a potential underlying mechanism of TBI-induced systolic dysfunction.
28000138|a|Food irradiation is over 100  years old, with the original patent for X-ray treatment of foods being issued in early 1905, 20 years after there discovery by W. C. Roentgen in 1885. Since then, food irradiation technology has become one of the most extensively studied food processing technologies in the history of mankind. Unfortunately, it is the one of the most misunderstood technologies with the result that there are rampant misunderstandings of the core technology, the ideal applications, and how to use it effectively to derive the maximum benefits. There are a number of books, book chapters, and review articles that provide overviews of this technology [25, 32, 36, 39]. Over the last decade or so, the technology has come into greater focus because many of the other pathogen intervention technologies have been unable to provide sustainable solutions on how to address pathogen contamination in foods. The uniqueness of food irradiation is that this technology is a non-thermal food processing technology, which unto itself is a clear high-value differentiator from other competing technologies.
28000139|a|UNASSIGNED: The metabolic state of microflora (mixed microbial cultures) in microbial fuel cells (MFCs) is currently unclear. Metabolomic analyses were conducted of microflora growing on the anodic electrodes of MFCs operated at pH 7.0, 5.5, or 4.0 and utilizing starch as the major carbon substrate. A much higher current was produced at pH 7.0 than at pH 5.5 and 4.0, correlating with an increased population ratio of Geobacter species to the total bacteria growing on the electrode. Most intracellular metabolites related to the tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle were present at a higher level at pH 7.0 than at pH 5.5 and 4.0, and the levels of metabolites correlated well with the obtained current densities. A high intracellular adenosine triphosphate (ATP)/adenosine diphosphate (ADP) ratio at pH 7.0, compared to at pH 5.5 and 4.0, likewise supported current production. Overall, the metabolomic analyses demonstrated that activation of the TCA cycle and increased ATP generation are critical parameters for electricity generation by microflora.
28000145|a|
28000146|a|Cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome (CHS) is a syndrome of cyclic vomiting associated with cannabis use. Our objective is to summarize the available evidence on CHS diagnosis, pathophysiology, and treatment. We performed a systematic review using MEDLINE, Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science, and the Cochrane Library from January 2000 through September 24, 2015. Articles eligible for inclusion were evaluated using the Grading and Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) criteria. Data were abstracted from the articles and case reports and were combined in a cumulative synthesis. The frequency of identified diagnostic characteristics was calculated from the cumulative synthesis and evidence for pathophysiologic hypothesis as well as treatment options were evaluated using the GRADE criteria. The systematic search returned 2178 articles. After duplicates were removed, 1253 abstracts were reviewed and 183 were included. Fourteen diagnostic characteristics were identified, and the frequency of major characteristics was as follows: history of regular cannabis for any duration of time (100%), cyclic nausea and vomiting (100%), resolution of symptoms after stopping cannabis (96.8%), compulsive hot baths with symptom relief (92.3%), male predominance (72.9%), abdominal pain (85.1%), and at least weekly cannabis use (97.4%). The pathophysiology of CHS remains unclear with a dearth of research dedicated to investigating its underlying mechanism. Supportive care with intravenous fluids, dopamine antagonists, topical capsaicin cream, and avoidance of narcotic medications has shown some benefit in the acute setting. Cannabis cessation appears to be the best treatment. CHS is a cyclic vomiting syndrome, preceded by daily to weekly cannabis use, usually accompanied by symptom improvement with hot bathing, and resolution with cessation of cannabis. The pathophysiology underlying CHS is unclear. Cannabis cessation appears to be the best treatment.
28000147|a|
28000148|a|
28000159|a|UNASSIGNED: Targeting members of the human epidermal growth factor receptor family, especially EGFR and HER2, has been an established strategy for the treatment of tumors with abnormally activated receptors due to overexpression, mutation, ligand-dependent receptor dimerization and ligand-independent activation. Less attention has been paid to the oncogenic activity of HER3, although there is growing evidence that it mediates resistance to EGFR and HER2 pathway directed therapies. The main caveat for the development of effective HER3 targeted therapies is the absence of a strong enzymatic activity to target, as well as the limited potential for single-agent activity. In this review, we highlight the role of HER3 in cancer and, more specifically, in lung cancer. The basis for HER3 involvement in HER2 resistance and EGFR inhibition is discussed, as well as current pharmacologic strategies to combat HER3 inhibition.
28000166|a|The approval of one of the first anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) agents for the treatment of neovascular age-related macular degeneration one decade ago marked the beginning of a new era in the management of several sight-threatening retinal diseases. Since then, emerging evidence has demonstrated the utility of these therapies for the treatment of other ocular conditions characterized by elevated VEGF levels. In this article we review current perspectives on the use of anti-VEGF drugs as adjuvant therapy in the management of neovascular glaucoma (NVG). The use of anti-VEGFs for modifying wound healing in glaucoma filtration surgery (GFS) is also reviewed. Selected studies investigating the use of anti-VEGF agents or antimetabolites in GFS or the management of NVG have demonstrated that these agents can improve surgical outcomes. However, anti-VEGF agents have yet to demonstrate specific advantages over the more established agents commonly used today. Further studies are needed to evaluate the duration of action, dosing intervals, and toxicity profile of these treatments.
28000167|a|INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study was to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of rivaroxaban and apixaban versus enoxaparin for the universal prophylaxis of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and associated long-term complications in Chinese patients after total hip replacement (THR). METHODS: A decision model, which included both acute VTE (represented as a decision tree) and the long-term complications of VTE (represented as a Markov model), was developed to assess the economic outcomes of the three prophylactic strategies for Chinese patients after THR. Transition probabilities for acute VTE were derived from two randomized controlled studies, RECORD1 and ADVANCE3, of patients after THR. The transition probabilities of long-term complications after acute VTE, utilities, and costs were derived from the published literature and local healthcare settings. One-way and probabilistic sensitivity analyses (PSA) were performed to test the uncertainty concerning the model parameters. The quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) and direct medical costs were reported over a 5-year horizon, and incremental cost-effectiveness ratios (ICERs) were also calculated. RESULTS: Thromboprophylaxis with apixaban was estimated to have a higher cost (US  178.70) and more health benefits (0.0025 QALY) than thromboprophylaxis with enoxaparin over a 5-year time horizon, which resulted in an ICER of US  71,244 per QALY gained and was more than three times the GDP per capita of China in 2014 (US  22,140). Owing to the higher cost and lower generated QALYs, rivaroxaban was inferior to enoxaparin among post-THR patients. The sensitivity analyses confirmed these results. CONCLUSIONS: The analysis found that apixaban was not cost-effective and that rivaroxaban was inferior to enoxaparin. This finding indicates that compared with enoxaparin, the use of apixaban for VTE prophylaxis after THR does not represent a good value for the cost at the acceptable threshold in China; in addition, the cost of rivaroxaban was higher with lower QALYs.
28000168|a|INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study was to assess caregiver preference and treatment compliance with oral and transdermal medications in a "real-world" setting in patients with mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease (AD) in South Korea. METHODS: Real-world evaluation of compliance and preference in Alzheimer's disease treatment (RECAP) was a 24-week, multicenter, prospective, non-interventional study in patients with AD treated with oral or transdermal therapy. Here, we report data from patients living in South Korea. Eligible patients were grouped into one of two treatment cohorts: oral (donepezil, galantamine, rivastigmine, or memantine) or transdermal (rivastigmine patch). Caregiver preference, patient compliance, and physician preference were assessed at week 24 (end of the study). Safety was assessed by reported adverse events (AEs). RESULTS: A total of 398 patients were enrolled (oral 51.8%; transdermal 48.2%) and 79.4% completed the study. Caregivers of patients that were exposed to either the oral or transdermal monotherapy showed a preference for the treatment to which the patients were exposed (both p  <  0.0001). However, caregivers of patients that were exposed to both forms of treatments reported a higher preference for transdermal monotherapy (65.9%; p  <  0.0041). Patients in both treatment cohorts showed good compliance, with an overall mean (SD) score of 8.84 (1.514) (a median of 9). Of the 15 participating physicians, eight indicated their preference for transdermal therapy and seven preferred oral therapy at week 24. A total of 133 (33.4%) patients reported at least one AE during the study period (oral: 60 patients; transdermal: 73 patients). CONCLUSION: The study showed higher caregiver preference for transdermal monotherapy over oral monotherapy when patients with AD were exposed to both forms of treatment and good patient compliance for both oral and transdermal treatments.
28000169|a|INTRODUCTION: Advances in the treatment of metastatic melanoma have been achieved in recent years: immunotherapies and targeted therapies have demonstrated survival benefits over older agents such as granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), dacarbazine, and glycoprotein peptide vaccine (gp100) in pivotal phase  3 trials. It is important to compare therapies to guide the treatment decision-making process, and establishing the relationship between older agents can strengthen the networks of evidence for newer therapies. We report the outcome of an indirect comparison of GM-CSF, dacarbazine, and gp100 in metastatic melanoma through meta-analysis of absolute treatment effect. METHODS: A systematic literature review identified trials for inclusion in the meta-analysis. A valid network meta-analysis was not feasible: treatment-specific meta-analysis was conducted. A published algorithm was used to adjust overall survival estimates from trials of GM-CSF, dacarbazine, and gp100 for heterogeneity in baseline prognostic factors. Survival estimates were compared in three patient groups: stage  IIIB-IV  M1c, stage  IIIB-IV  M1a, and stage  IV  M1b/c. RESULTS: One trial of GM-CSF, four of dacarbazine, and one of gp100 were included in the analysis. After adjusting for differences in baseline prognostic factors, median overall survival (OS) in all patient groups was longer for those receiving GM-CSF than for those receiving dacarbazine or gp100. The observed survival over time for GM-CSF was similar to the adjusted survival for dacarbazine and greater than for gp100 in all patient groups. CONCLUSION: The relative treatment effect of GM-CSF, dacarbazine, and gp100 has been reliably estimated by adjusting for differences in baseline prognostic factors. Results suggest that OS with GM-CSF is at least as good as with dacarbazine and greater than with gp100. Given the role of these agents as controls in phase  3 trials of new immunotherapies and targeted agents, these results can be used to contextualize the efficacy of newer therapies. FUNDING: Amgen Inc.
28000180|a|OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effect of testosterone treatment on biomarkers calprotectin, fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23), soluble Klotho, phosphate, calcium, parathyroid hormone, creatinine and estimated glomerular filtration rate. DESIGN: Randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled study. SETTING: Odense Androgen Study-the effect of Testim and training in hypogonadal men. PARTICIPANTS: Men aged 60-78  years old with a low normal concentration of free of bioavailable testosterone <7.3  nmol/L and waist circumference >94  cm recruited from 2008 to 2009 (N  =  48) by advertisement. INTERVENTION: Participants were randomized to receive 5-10  g  gel/50-100  mg testosterone (Testim(  ), Ipsen, France) or 5-10  g  gel/placebo. RESULTS: The plasma levels of calprotectin and phosphate were significantly reduced in the group receiving testosterone therapy (gel) compared to the placebo group (p  <  0.05). Testosterone treatment did not have any significant effect on plasma levels of FGF23 or soluble Klotho. The reduction in phosphate levels was inversely associated with bioavailable testosterone. CONCLUSION: Compared to the placebo group, 6  months of testosterone therapy (gel) reduced calprotectin and phosphate levels suggesting decreased inflammation and decreased cardiovascular risk.
28000181|a|In Rome IIII( diagnostic system, disorders associated with chronic constipation include functional constipation, opioid-induced constipation, irritable bowel syndrome with predominant constipation and functional defecation disorders, each disorder has the relative characteristics of clinical manifestations and underlying pathophysiology. Rome IIII( committee modified the diagnostic criteria based on current research achievements, and recommended to make the diagnosis of functional constipation disorders with minimal laboratory test and with indications for colonoscopy and pathophysiological tests. Understanding the clinical manifestations and pathophysiology of functional constipation disorders are helpful for clinicians to apply the Rome diagnostic criteria and improve the accuracy of diagnosis and treatment for the patients with chronic constipation.
28000191|a|OBJECTIVE: To investigate the value of psychological intervention in treating slow transit constipation (STC), and to provide the reference to clinical treatment for STC patients with psychological disorder. METHODS: A total of 94 STC patients with psychological disorder admitted to the Anorectal Hospital of Chengdu from June 2010 to August 2012 were prospectively enrolled and divided into psychological intervention group(subtotal colectomy plus postoperative psychological intervention) and control group (subtotal colectomy without postoperative psychological intervention). Scores of Hamilton depression scale (HAMD), Hamilton anxiety scale(HAMA), Wexner constipation scale (WCS) and gastrointestinal quality-of-life index(GIQLI) were recorded 1, 3, 6, 12 and 24 months after operation. SPSS 17.0 statistical software was used to analyze the data. RESULTS: There were no differences in baseline data, operative time, blood loss, time to the first flatus and time to the first defecation between two groups(all P>0.05). The scores of HAMD and HAMA were significantly reduced in psychological intervention group compared with control group 3, 6, 12 and 24 months after operation (all P<0.05). Ratios of cure, obvious progress, progress and invalidation of depression symptoms in psychological intervention group were 2.6%(1/39), 66.7%(26/39), 25.6%(10/39) and 5.1% (2/39) respectively at postoperative 24-month, which were better than those [0, 34.2%(13/38), 44.7% (17/38) and 21.1%(8/38) respectively] in control group with significant difference(P=0.013). Ratios of cure, obvious progress, progress and invalidation of anxiety symptoms in psychological intervention group were 10.3%(4/39), 53.8%(21/39), 28.2%(11/39) and 7.7%(3/39) respectively at postoperative 24-month, which were better than those [0, 28.9%(11/38), 55.3%(21/38) and 15.8%(6/38) respectively] in control group with significant difference (P=0.011). The WCS scores in psychological intervention group were lower than those in control group 6, 12, 24 months after operation (all P<0.05). The GIQLI scores in psychological intervention group were higher than those in control group 3, 6, 12 and 24 months after operation(all P<0.05). CONCLUSION: Subtotal colectomy combined with psychological intervention not only can significantly improve psychological disorder, but also increase the efficacy of surgery in the treatment of slow transit constipation patients with psychological disorder.
28000192|a|OBJECTIVE: To explore the efficacy and the mechanism of Bisacodyl in treating slow transit constipation model rats. METHODS: A total of 30 healthy rats were enrolled. Twenty rats received intragastric diphenoxylate to develop slow transit constipation (STC) model, and 10 untreated rats were set as blank control. STC rats were subdivided into two groups: STC Bisacodyl group (fed with Bisacodyl) and STC control group (common feed). Body weight, number and dry weight of faeces, and intestinal transit time were compared among 3 groups. Interstitial cells of Cajal(ICC) and c-Kit protein expression were measured by immunohistochemical staining. Restults Compared to blank control rats, at 100-day of receiving intragastric diphenoxylate, above 20 rats presented the decrease of body weight and feces number, the increase of dry weight of faeces, and the delay of intestinal transit time, indicating the successful establishment of STC rat model. One month after feeding, compared to STC control group, STC Bisacodyl grap had an increased feces number[(36.6  6.8) pill/day vs. (26.8  6.0) pill/day], decreased dry weight of feces [(150.6  10.5) mg/pill vs. (171.6  16.3) mg/pill] and shortened intestinal transit time [(416.9  50.6) minutes vs. (495.3  66.8) minutes], and the differences were statistically significant(all P<0.05). Dissolution of ICC basement membrane, damage of connection between ICC and surrounding cells, and atrophy of ICC nucleus structure were found in STC control rats. ICC (8.20  1.92 per field] and c-Kit expression (12.68%  2.59% ) in STC control rats were significantly lower than those in blank control rats(36.00  6.25 per field and 71.50 %  8.27%) (P=0.000). Compared to STC control group, the connection between ICC and surrounding cells enhanced obviously, ICC (18.80  3.70 per field) and c-Kit expression (45.91%  6.80%) were significantly higher in STC Bisacodyl group (all P=0.000). CONCLUSION: Bisacodyl treatment can relieve STC symptoms, which may be associated with increased ICC number and c-Kit protein expression.
28000193|a|OBJECTIVE: To investigate the epidemiology, internal opening location, and risk factors associated with recurrence of anal fistula. METHODS: Clinical data of 1783 hospitalized patients admitted for anal fistula treatment to Shanghai Shuguang Hospital from January 2013 to September 2015 were retrospectively analyzed. Fistula passing through anorectal ring or locating above was defined as high anal fistula (n=125). Internal opening location was defined as follows: posterior (5 to 7 o'clock), front(11 to 1 o'clock), left (2 to 4 o'clock) and right (8 to 10 o'clock). RESULTS: Among 1783 cases, 1526 were male with a median age of 36 years, 257 were female with a median age of 35 years, and the ratio of male to female was 5.9 vs 1.0. In high anal fistula cases, this ratio of male to female was 7.3 vs 1.0. Posterior internal opening accounted for 51.4%(884/1720), while this percentage was 66.4%(83/125) in high anal fistula cases, which was significantly higher than 50.2%(801/1595) in low anal fistula cases(P=0.002). Postoperative recurrence rate was 2.6%(45/1720) and the rates in high anal fistula and low anal fistula were 13.6%(17/125) and 1.8%(28/1595) respectively, with significant difference(P=0.000). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that fistula height(OR=5.475, 95%CI:2.230 to 13.445, P=0.000), treatment history(OR=2.671, 95% CI:1.315 to 5.424, P=0.007), seton placement history (OR=4.707, 95%CI:1.675 to 13.232, P=0.003) and concomitant colitis(OR=10.300, 95%CI:1.187 to 89.412, P=0.034) were independent risk factors for anal fistula recurrence. Seton placement history was an independent risk factor for high anal fistula recurrence (OR=6.476, 95%CI:1.116 to 37.589, P=0.037). CONCLUSIONS: Anal fistula occurs in young and middle-aged male patient. Internal opening locates in posterior more commonly, especially in high anal fistula patients. Postoperative recurrence rate of high anal fistula is quite high. Patient with both high anal fistula and seton placement history has significantly high rate of postoperative recurrence.
28000194|a|OBJECTIVE: To observe the short- and long-term efficacy of acupuncture combined with biofeedback in the treatment of functional anorectal pain (FARP). METHODS: Clinical data of 142 patients who met the functional gastrointestinal disorders and functional anorectal pain based on criteria of Rome III( undergoing acupuncture with biofeedback therapy from August 2010 to November 2015 in Pelvic Floor Center of The Third Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing University of Chinese Medicine were retrospectively analyzed. Telephone and outpatient clinic recheck were used as standard follow-up. The clinical effect of short-term and long-term data collected from the disease-based database was evaluated with visual analogue pain scale (VAS) (0-10 points), short form health survey questionnaire (SF-36) (0-148 points). The overall satisfaction and effectiveness (VAS was >30%) were evaluated at the end of treatment (short-term) and during follow-up (long-term). RESULTS: The effective follow-up data were obtained from 71.1%(101/142) of patients and the median follow-up time was 28(3-67) months. The VAS of 101 cases was 6.09  1.78, 1.99  1.89 and 3.55  2.60 before treatment, at the end of treatment and during follow-up respectively. Though the VAS during follow-up was higher than that at the end of treatment, but still significantly lower than that before treatment(P<0.05). The SF-36 score of 31 patients was 82.0  16.9, 94.0  15.1 and 88.1  15.3 before treatment, at the end of treatment and during follow-up respectively. Though the SF-36 score during follow-up was lower compared to at the end of treatment, but still significantly higher compared to before treatment (P<0.05). The effective rates were 85.9%(122/142) at the end of treatment and 75.2%(76/101) during follow-up, and the satisfactory rates were 92.3%(131/142) and 84.2%(85/101), respectively. CONCLUSION: Acupuncture with biofeedback has significant short-term and long-term efficacy in treating functional anorectal pain, and its degree of satisfaction is high.
28000214|a|OBJECTIVE: To perform a literature review of the epidemiology, clinical presentation, diagnostic evaluation, and clinical course of occipital condyle syndrome, including a new case report. BACKGROUND: Occipital condyle syndrome (OCS) is a rare clinical syndrome, consisting of unilateral occipital headache accompanied by ipsilateral hypoglossal palsy. This headache typically radiates to the temporal region, and is triggered by contralateral head rotation. It is usually associated with skull base metastasis, often unrevealed in basic neuroimaging studies. OCS might be the first manifestation of malignancy, and its unfamiliarity can lead to a delay in the diagnosis. METHODS: We performed a systematic literature review using PubMed and Embase for OCS, along with a new case report. RESULTS: A total of 35 cases (mean age 59 years, range 25-77), 24 (70%) men, presented typical unilateral headache followed by ipsilateral hypoglossal palsy from 0 to 150 days after headache presentation. In 16 patients (46%), initial neuroimaging studies were normal. OCS was due to skull base metastasis in 32 cases (91%). In 18 patients (51%), OCS was the first symptom of disease. CONCLUSIONS: OCS represents a warning sign and requires an exhaustive search for underlying neoplasm. An appropriate clinical evaluation can lead to an earlier diagnosis in patients with consistent headache.
28000236|a|Optimism is thought to be beneficial for health, and these effects may be mediated through modifications in psychophysiological stress reactivity. Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is associated with reduced cardiovascular responses to stress and heightened cortisol over the day. This study assessed the relationships between optimism, stress responsivity, and daily cortisol output in people with T2D. A total of 140 participants with T2D were exposed to laboratory stress. Heart rate (HR), systolic (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), and cortisol were measured throughout the session. Cortisol output over the day was also assessed. Optimism and self-reported health were measured using the revised Life Orientation Test and the Short Form Health Survey. Optimism was associated with heightened SBP and DBP stress reactivity (ps   <   .047) and lower daily cortisol output (p   =   .04). Optimism was not related to HR, cortisol stress responses, or the cortisol awakening response (ps   >   .180). Low optimism was related to poorer self-reported physical and mental health (ps   <   .01). Optimism could have a protective role in modulating stress-related autonomic and neuroendocrine dysregulation in people with T2D.
28000237|a|OBJECTIVES/HYPOTHESIS: To identify relevant patient and surgical risk factors associated with prolonged length of stay, return to the operating room, and readmission within 30 days following total laryngectomy using the American College of Surgeons National Quality Improvement Program (ACS-NSQIP) STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective database study. Patients undergoing total laryngectomy alone for laryngeal cancer were identified from the ACS-NSQIP database from 2005 to 2014. METHODS: Multivariate logistic regression was used to identify independent predictors for prolonged length of stay, readmissions, and unplanned reoperations within 30 days. RESULTS: Among 871 patients meeting inclusion and exclusion criteria, the median length of stay was 8.0 days (range, 0-130 days). Totally dependent functional status (P   <   .01; odds ratio [OR]: 32.62), Black or African American race (P   =   .029; OR: 1.75), and operative time (P   <   .0001; OR: 1.15) were associated with prolonged length of stay. The overall rate of return to the operating room within 30 days was 12.4%. Contaminated wound status (P   =   .025; OR: 3.53), operative time (P   =   .015; OR: 1.10), steroid use (P   <   .01; OR: 2.92), and smoking (P   =   .05; OR: 1.60) were significantly associated with return to the operating room. Unplanned readmission rate was 11.9%, and 47.37% of readmissions were due to wound infection/pharyngocutaneous fistula. Dirty/contaminated wound classification (P   =   .05; OR: 22.5) was associated with readmission on multivariate analysis. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first population-level analysis to be performed on length of stay, readmission, and reoperation for total laryngectomy. Assessing and identifying modifiable risk factors on quality metrics may reduce overall cost and the burden on limited hospital resources. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: 4. Laryngoscope, 2016.
28000240|a|UNASSIGNED: Nivolumab is a programmed cell death receptor-1 (PD-1) antibody used in the treatment of metastatic or unresectable melanoma. Cutaneous reactions are the most common adverse events reported with these agents and are rarely severe or life-threatening. Here we present a case report describing the clinicopathological findings of a patient with a fatal toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) eruption associated with use of nivolumab for treatment of metastatic melanoma. The patient developed a pruritic, morbiliform eruption, which slowly progressed over 3 months to a tender, exfoliative dermatosis. Histology initially showed interface dermatitis and subsequently revealed full thickness epidermal necrosis. The diagnosis of TEN was made. From initial biopsy to TEN presentation, there was an increase in the number of CD8+ lymphocytes within the dermal-epidermal junction and an increase of programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression in both lymphocytes and keratinocytes. Despite treatment with infliximab, high-dose steroids and intravenous immunoglobulin, the patient expired. Herein we describe what we believe is the second case of TEN associated with anti-PD1 therapy reported in the literature. Increased expression of PD-L1 by immunohistochemistry was observed as the eruption progressed to TEN. Early diagnosis and treatment is necessary in these fatal TEN reactions secondary to the anti-PD-1 antibody therapies.
28000241|a|AIM: To report an analysis and clarification of the concept of goals of care. BACKGROUND: Goals of care have been used by healthcare providers since 1978, but no operationalized, consensual definition exists. DESIGN: Norris's method of concept clarification was used to create an operational definition, conceptual model and testable hypotheses of goals of care from the healthcare provider's perspective. DATA SOURCES: Data came from current research reports, interviews with experts and web sites of professional organizations. Research reports were published between 2003-2013. METHODS: Antecedents, definitions and consequences were systematized and organized into coherent and more abstract groups to define goals of care. A conceptual model and testable hypotheses were created from this process. RESULTS: Goals of care are desired health expectations that are formulated through the thoughtful interaction between a human being seeking medical care and the healthcare team in the healthcare system and are appropriate, agreed on, documented and communicated. CONCLUSIONS: Development of clear goals of care can increase patient satisfaction and quality of care while decreasing costs, hospital length of stay and hospital readmission. Goals of care are dynamic and should be reassessed regularly. How and when goals of care transition from implicit to explicit should be explored further, and what prompts this transition. Nurses, physicians and healthcare providers need education on how to best fill their roles in the development of goals of care.
28000242|a|AIM: To report an analysis of the concept of exposure in environmental health for nursing. BACKGROUND: The importance of the environment has long been recognized in nursing, although the nature and scope of the concept and how it influences health have varied over time. Exposure is the sufficient and necessary link between environment and health. In nursing practice, the word 'exposure' has been used frequently with no clear standard definition. DESIGN: Concept analysis using Kim's first-level analytics. DATA SOURCES: Chronological review (1980-2015) of the nursing science literature was conducted through ProQuest Dissertations and Theses and CINAHL, followed by a multi-disciplinary search through PubMed (1980-2015), texts and the Internet to compare definitions and measurements of exposure and related concepts. METHODS: Explicit and implicit conceptual definitions and measurements of exposure were identified, categorized and analysed. RESULTS: The newly defined concept of 'exposure' is a process involves three phases: 1, contact is made between a target and one or more agents in the same environment; 2, the agent accesses the target by one or more routes of entry; and 3, the agent enters the target by crossing a barrier or boundary. Existing measurements related to each phase are identified and discussed. Definitions of 'target' and 'agent' were refined for congruency. CONCLUSION: Consistent use of terms as defined is critical to development of nursing knowledge. These concepts should be incorporated into nursing-related research to evaluate their usefulness to nursing. Alignment of this concept with relevant theories should be critically examined.
28000243|a|UNASSIGNED: Are children's value priorities different from their parents' generation? We present data from the youngest children's sample that has been included in a comprehensive family study of values so far: Our study is based on self-reported values of 127 six- to eleven-year-old German children (M   =   7.89, SD   =   1.35) and their mothers and fathers. We further took into account two potentially interacting developmental variables that have been suggested in the literature: (a) family members' gender and (b) cultural milieu (we looked specifically at families with Turkish immigration background and families without immigration background). While values of self-transcendence, self-enhancement and openness to change did not differ significantly between the two generations, children found conservation significantly more important than their parents. This contrasts with findings from previous studies with older participants. We discuss to what extent this effect may be unique to this developmental stage of middle childhood that had not been covered by previous research. Females valued conservation more than males, and conservation was more important in families with as compared to families without Turkish immigration background. There was neither a gender   *   generation nor a cultural milieu   *   generation interaction.
28000244|a|BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Central serous chorioretinopathy (CSCR) is a common and idiopathic retinal disorder that affects young to middle aged adults. The aim of this study was to describe the characteristics of eyes with CSCR using a light-emitting diode (LED)-based multispectral imaging (MSI) system and to evaluate the diagnostic reliability of MSI compared to fluorescein angiography (FA) in detecting CSCR. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 56 eyes among 52 patients with 1 or more retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) abnormality were retrospectively enrolled in the study. The patients underwent complete examination, including optical coherence tomography, FA, indocyanine-green angiography, and MSI. MSI images were retrospectively reviewed by experienced masked graders. Diagnoses that were made based on MSI alone were compared with those that were made using FA. Sensitivity and specificity were calculated, and the morphological features on MSI were summarized. RESULTS: Among 56 eyes in 52 patients, MSI detected 22 of 26 true-positive CSCR cases but missed 4 FA-confirmed lesions. Further, it correctly excluded 30 of 30 non-CSCR lesions. The sensitivity and specificity of MSI were 84.6 and 100%, respectively, for identifying CSCR. Using MSI, RPE leakage was observed in 25 (96.2%) of 26 eyes with CSCR, which was comparable to the performance of FA. Dome-shaped areas of signal, which corresponded to fluid accumulation associated with neurosensory retinal detachment or RPE detachment were observed in 23 (88.5%) of 26 eyes. CONCLUSIONS: As a non-invasive technique, MSI permitted the visualization of RPE leakage and neurosensory detachment and allowed good detection of CSCR in this selected clinical population. Lasers Surg. Med. 49:498-505, 2017.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
28000249|a|UNASSIGNED: Amicrobial pustulosis of the folds (APF) is a rare disease characterized by aseptic pustular lesions involving cutaneous folds, typically occurring in the context of an autoimmune disorder. We present 4 patients with APF, focusing on clinical and histopathologic characteristics to improve the recognition of this entity. All 4 patients had intertriginous and extra-intertriginous involvement. Common histopathologic features of skin biopsies in these patients were intracorneal, subcorneal, intraepidermal, perivascular, perifollicular and interstitial neutrophilic inflammation. Pustules overlying adnexal ostium and papillary dermal edema were consistently observed. The pustules were negative for microorganisms on stain testing. In these cases, associated conditions were undifferentiated connective tissue disease, systemic lupus erythematosus, antiphospholipid syndrome, Crohn disease and Hashimoto thyroiditis. The aforementioned clinical and histopathologic characteristics of patients with suspected or diagnosed connective tissue disorders should lead to suspicion for APF.
28000255|a|UNASSIGNED: A symptom of the need for greater reproducibility in scientific practice is the decline effect-the fact that the size of many experimental effects decline with subsequent study or fail to replicate entirely. A simple way to combat this problem is for scientists to more routinely use confidence intervals (CIs) in their work. CIs provide frequentist bounds on the true size of an effect and can reveal when a statistically significant effect is possibly too small to be reliable or when a large effect might have been missed due to insufficient statistical power. CIs are often lacking in psychophysiological reports, likely due to the large number of dependent variables, which complicates deriving and visualizing CIs. In this article, I explain the value of CIs and show how to compute them for analyses involving multiple variables in various ways that adjust the intervals for the greater uncertainty induced by multiple statistical comparisons. The methods are illustrated using a basic visual oddball ERP dataset and freely available MATLAB software.
28000256|a|UNASSIGNED: It is increasingly appreciated that a complete description of brain functioning will necessarily involve the characterization of large-scale interregional temporal synchronization of neuronal assemblies. The need to capture the dynamic formation of such large-scale networks has yielded a renewed interest in the human EEG in combination with a suite of methods for estimating functional connectivity along with the graph theoretical approaches for characterizing network structure. While initial work has established generally good reproducibility for a limited selection of these graph theoretical measures, there remains an obvious need to document the reproducibility of a more extensive array of commonly used graph metrics. We sought to evaluate the test-retest reliability of a much richer suite of graph theoretic measures as applied to weighted networks derived from high-density resting-state human EEG. Our findings were promising overall, with some important qualifications when considering the frequency bands of interest and the method used to calculate functional connectivity as well as some substantial variance between individual graph metrics. In general, the reliability of networks in the a and b frequency bands was improved when functional connectivity was defined solely on the basis of relative phase distributions. In the    and    bands, reliability was substantially better when functional connectivity was based on coherence, which incorporates both phase and amplitude information.
28000257|a|
28000258|a|UNASSIGNED: In recent years, the psychological and behavioral sciences have increased efforts to strengthen methodological practices and publication standards, with the ultimate goal of enhancing the value and reproducibility of published reports. These issues are especially important in the multidisciplinary field of psychophysiology, which yields rich and complex data sets with a large number of observations. In addition, the technological tools and analysis methods available in the field of psychophysiology are continually evolving, widening the array of techniques and approaches available to researchers. This special issue presents articles detailing rigorous and systematic evaluations of tasks, measures, materials, analysis approaches, and statistical practices in a variety of subdisciplines of psychophysiology. These articles highlight challenges in conducting and interpreting psychophysiological research and provide data-driven, evidence-based recommendations for overcoming those challenges to produce robust, reproducible results in the field of psychophysiology.
28000262|a|UNASSIGNED: Functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) permits measurements of changes in the concentration of oxygenated and deoxygenated hemoglobin, typically with a higher sampling rate than with other imaging methods based on the hemodynamic response. We examined the potential of the fNIRS technique to estimate variations in the latency of hemodynamic responses to experimental events and sought optimal methods to maximize the reliability and reproducibility of latency effects. We used Monte Carlo simulations using subsamples of real fNIRS measures to estimate the statistical power of different approaches (such as fixed threshold, percent of peak, fractional-area latency, for both individual-subject estimates and estimates from jackknife averages) to detect a known simulated latency shift. The simulations used measures of hemodynamic responses in the temporal lobe from two groups of young adult participants who listened to auditory stimuli, one with a blocked presentation design and one with an event-related design. We estimated the relative sensitivity of different latency measures and approaches to the measurement of latency effects of different magnitudes using realistic noise and signal-to-noise characteristics. In general, the jackknife approach provided the greatest statistical power to detect a known latency shift, without inflation of Type I error.
28000263|a|UNASSIGNED: Data from two studies were used to estimate the reliability of facial EMG when used to index facial mimicry (Study 1) or affective reactions to pictorial stimuli (Study 2). Results for individual muscle sites varied between muscles and depending on data treatment. For difference scores, acceptable internal consistencies were found only for corrugator supercilii, and test-retest reliabilities were low. For contrast measures describing patterns of reactions to stimuli, such as high zygomaticus major combined with low corrugator supercilii, acceptable internal consistencies were found for facial reactions to smiling faces and positive affective reactions to affiliative images (Study 2). Facial reactions to negative emotions (Study 1) and facial reactions to power and somewhat less to achievement imagery (Study 2) showed unsatisfactory internal consistencies. For contrast measures, good temporal stability over 24 months (Study 1) and 15 months (Study 2), respectively, was obtained. In Study 1, the effect of method factors such as mode of presentation was more reliable than the emotion effect. Overall, people's facial reactions to affective stimuli seem to be influenced by a variety of factors other than the emotion-eliciting element per se, which resulted in biased internal consistency estimates. However, the influence of these factors in turn seemed to be stable over time.
28000264|a|UNASSIGNED: ERPs are widely and increasingly used to address questions in psychophysiological research. As discussed in this special issue, a renewed focus on questions of reliability and stability marks the need for intuitive, quantitative descriptors that allow researchers to communicate the robustness of ERP measures used in a given study. This report argues that well-established indices of internal consistency and effect size meet this need and can be easily extracted from most ERP datasets, as demonstrated with example analyses using a representative dataset from a feature-based visual selective attention task. We demonstrate how to measure the internal consistency of three aspects commonly considered in ERP studies: voltage measurements for specific time ranges at selected sensors, voltage dynamics across all time points of the ERP waveform, and the distribution of voltages across the scalp. We illustrate methods for quantifying the robustness of experimental condition differences, by calculating effect size for different indices derived from the ERP. The number of trials contributing to the ERP waveform was manipulated to examine the relationship between signal-to-noise ratio (SNR), internal consistency, and effect size. In the present example dataset, satisfactory consistency (Cronbach's alpha   >   0.7) of individual voltage measurements was reached at lower trial counts than were required to reach satisfactory effect sizes for differences between experimental conditions. Comparing different metrics of robustness, we conclude that the internal consistency and effect size of ERP findings greatly depend on the quantification strategy, the comparisons and analyses performed, and the SNR.
28000265|a|There has been increased interest in conducting human absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion (ADME) studies with low doses (up to 0.1  MBq) as opposed to regular doses (1.85-3.7  MBq) of radiocarbon (14 C). This is due to the fact that low-dose human ADME studies may be conducted without dosimetry calculations and will lead to lower human radiation exposure. Here, we sought to compare the outcomes of low-dose versus regular-dose human ADME studies in healthy volunteers. Forty oral human ADME studies conducted at PRA were surveyed, among which 12 were low-dose studies. The fraction of drug material absorbed was 67%      7% in the regular-dose studies (data for 13 studies) versus 39%      16% in the low-dose studies (data for 5 studies). The average total recovery of 14 C in excreta was 93%      5% for regular-dose studies, and 21 of 28 such studies showed recoveries more than 90%. For low-dose studies, average total recovery was 89%      9%, and 6 of 12 studies showed recoveries more than 90%. Metabolite profiling was successful in all cases reported (13 regular-dose studies and 5 low-dose studies). There was no obvious relationship between the total recoveries of 14 C in excreta and the proportion of 14 C excreted in feces, or between the total recoveries and the plasma elimination half-lives for parent or total 14 C, neither in the low-dose nor the regular-dose studies. A significant correlation was found between the fraction absorbed and the recovery in feces in the low-dose but not in the regular-dose studies, and no correlation was found between the fractions absorbed and the total recoveries in both types of studies. Low-dose studies were more often conducted on drugs that had a plasma elimination half-life of parent drug more than 100  hours (5 of 12 studies) than regular-dose studies (1 of 26 studies). We conclude that both low-dose as well as regular-dose human ADME studies provide adequate data to support decision making for further drug development.
28000277|a|Bone healing around dental implants follows the pattern and sequence of intramembraneous osteogenesis with formation of woven bone first of all followed later by formation of parallel-fibered and lamellar bone. Bone apposition onto the implant surface starts earlier in trabecular bone than in compact bone. While the first new bone may be found on the implant surface around 1  week after installation, bone remodeling starts at between 6 and 12  weeks and continues throughout life. Bone remodeling also involves the bone-implant interface, thus transiently exposing portions of the implant surface. Surface modifications creating micro-rough implant surfaces accelerate the osseointegration process of titanium implants, as demonstrated in numerous animal experiments. Sandblasting followed by acid-etching may currently be regarded as the gold standard technique to create micro-rough surfaces. Chemical surface modifications, resulting in higher hydrophilicity, further increase the speed of osseointegration of titanium and titanium-zirconium implants in both animals and humans. Surface modifications of zirconia and alumina-toughened zirconia implants also have an influence on the speed of osseointegration, and some implant types reach high bone-to-implant contact values in animals. Although often discussed independently of each other, surface characteristics, such as topography and chemistry, are virtually inseparable. Contemporary, well-documented implant systems with micro-rough implant surfaces, placed by properly trained and experienced clinicians, demonstrate high long-term survival rates. Nevertheless, implant failures do occur. A low percentage of implants are diagnosed with peri-implantitis after 10  years in function. In addition, a low number of implants seem to be lost for primarily reasons other than biofilm-induced infection. Patient factors, such as medications interfering with the immune system and bone cells, may be an element contributing to continuous bone loss and should therefore be monitored and studied in greater detail.
28000278|a|Implant placement in post-extraction sites of single teeth in the esthetic zone has been a topic of great interest in the field of implant dentistry since 1990. Triggered by the development of guided bone regeneration, the concept of immediate implant placement became quite popular in the 1990s. In the past 12  years, however, the dental community has begun to focus increasingly on the esthetic outcomes of post-extraction implant placement and several studies indicated a significant risk for the development of mucosal recessions with immediate implants. Parallel with this, significant progress has been made in the understanding of tissue biology in terms of hard and soft tissue alterations post extraction, based on preclinical, clinical and radiological studies. This knowledge has helped better to understand the etiology of these esthetic complications with immediate implant placement. The present review first analyzes the various phases of the development of therapeutic strategies over the years for post-extraction implant placement in single tooth sites in the esthetic zone. It presents the current knowledge concerning the terminology with immediate, early and late implant placement, the risk factors for the development of esthetic complications, and the selection criteria for the various treatment options. In the second part, clinical recommendations are given, since a clinician active in this field of implant therapy can use all treatment options depending on the preoperative analysis including a 3D cone beam computed tomography. The selection criteria for all four treatment options are presented and documented with typical case reports to illustrate the current treatment approaches applied in daily practice.
28000280|a|In the 1960s and 1970s, implant-supported prostheses based on subperiosteal or blade implants had a poor reputation because of questionable clinical outcomes and lack of scientific documentation. The change to a scientifically sound discipline was initiated by the two scientific pioneers of modern implant dentistry, Professor P. I. Br  nemark from the University of Gothenburg in Sweden and Professor Andr   Schroeder from the University of Bern in Switzerland. Together with their teams, and independently of each other, they laid the foundation for the most significant development and paradigm shift in dental medicine. The present volume of Periodontology 2000 celebrates 50  years of osseointegration. It reviews the progress of implant therapy over the past 50  years, including the basics of implant surgery required to achieve osseointegration on a predictable basis and evolving innovations. The development of bone-augmentation techniques, such as guided bone regeneration and sinus floor elevation, to correct local bone defects at potential implant sites has increased the indications for implant therapy. The paradigm shift to moderately rough implant surfaces resulted in faster and enhanced bone integration and led to improvements in various treatment protocols, such as immediate and early implant placement in postextraction sites, and made various loading protocols possible, including immediate and early implant loading. In the past 15 years, preoperative analysis and presurgical planning improved as a result of the introduction of three-dimensional imaging techniques. Hereby, cone-beam computed tomography offers better image quality with reduced radiation exposure, when compared with dental computed tomography. This opened the door for digital planning and surgical modifications. Over the last 50  years this evolution has facilitated tremendous progress in esthetic outcomes with implant-supported prostheses and improved patient-centered outcomes. This volume of Periodontology 2000 also discusses the current trends and open questions of implant dentistry, such as the potential of digital implant dentistry in the surgical and prosthetic field, the trend for an increasing average age of implant patients and the related adaptations of treatment protocols, and the second attempt to establish ceramic implants using, this time, zirconia as the implant material. Finally, some of the hottest controversies are discussed, such as recent suggestions on bone integration being a potential foreign-body reaction and the evidence-based appraisal of the peri-implantitis debate.
28000281|a|The key to achieving pleasing esthetics in implant dentistry is a thorough understanding of the biological processes driving dimensional bone and soft tissue alterations post-extraction. The aim of the present report is first to characterize the extent of bone and soft tissue changes post-extraction and second to identify potential factors influencing tissue preservation in order to facilitate successful treatment outcomes. The facial bone wall thickness has been identified as the most critical factor influencing bone resorption and can be used as a prognostic tool in order to identify sites at risk for future facial bone loss subsequent to tooth extraction. Clinical studies indicated that thin bone wall phenotypes exhibiting a facial bone wall thickness of 1  mm or less revealed progressive bone resorption with a vertical loss of 7.5  mm, whereas thick bone wall phenotypes showed only minor bone resorption with a vertical loss of 1.1  mm. This is in contrast to the dimensional soft tissue alterations. Thin bone wall phenotypes revealed a spontaneous soft tissue thickening after flapless extraction by a factor of seven, whereas thick bone wall phenotypes showed no significant changes in the soft tissue dimensions after 8  weeks of healing. In sites exhibiting a limited bone resorption rate, immediate implant placement may be considered. If such ideal conditions are not present, other timing protocols are recommended to achieve predictable and pleasing esthetics. Socket preservation techniques for ridge preservation utilizing different biomaterials and/or barrier membranes often result in a better maintenance of tissue volumes, although the inevitable biological process of post-extraction bone resorption and bone modeling cannot be arrested. In summary, the knowledge of the biological events driving dimensional tissue alterations post-extraction should be integrated into the comprehensive treatment plan in order to limit tissue loss and to maximize esthetic outcomes.
28000291|a|FLT3 mutations are present in about one-third of patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Several FLT3 inhibitors have been used in clinical trials, and these include midostaurin, sorafenib, quizartinib, crenolanib, and gilteritinib. Monotherapy with early tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) did not have much success; however, later generation agents have shown more promising results. Combination with conventional chemotherapy may have benefit as evidenced by recently presented results, and data from ongoing trials are eagerly awaited. Several trials are also evaluating TKI given after HSCT, and a large international randomized trial is planned. We may be close to an era of targeted therapy where the standard of care for this biologically defined subset will involve incorporation of a FLT3 TKI during induction chemotherapy and after HSCT. It is important that our community continues to collaborate to conduct well-designed clinical trials to properly define the role of FLT3 TKIs in therapy for FLT3-mutant AML.
28000292|a|The diffusion signal in breast tissue has primarily been modelled using apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC), intravoxel incoherent motion (IVIM) and diffusion tensor (DT) models, which may be too simplistic to describe the underlying tissue microstructure. Formalin-fixed breast cancer samples were scanned using a wide range of gradient strengths, durations, separations and orientations. A variety of one- and two-compartment models were tested to determine which best described the data. Models with restricted diffusion components and anisotropy were selected in most cancerous regions and there were no regions in which conventional ADC or DT models were selected. Maps of ADC generally related to cellularity on histology, but maps of parameters from more complex models suggest that both overall cell volume fraction and individual cell size can contribute to the diffusion signal, affecting the specificity of ADC to the tissue microstructure. The areas of coherence in diffusion anisotropy images were small, approximately 1  mm, but the orientation corresponded to stromal orientation patterns on histology.
28000300|a|AIMS: To examine nurse-perceived quality of care, controlling for overall job satisfaction among critical care nurses and to explore associations with work environment characteristics. BACKGROUND: Nurse-perceived quality of care and job satisfaction have been positively linked to quality outcomes for nurses and patients. Much evidence exists on factors contributing to job satisfaction. Understanding specific factors that affect nurse-perceived quality potentially enables for improvements of nursing care quality. DESIGN: A multicentre survey study was conducted in three Dutch intensive care units. METHODS: The Dutch version of the Essentials of Magnetism II questionnaire was used; including the single-item indicators: (i) nurse-perceived quality of care; (ii) overall job satisfaction; and (iii) 58 statements on work environments. Data were collected between October 2013 - June 2014. RESULTS: The majority of 123 responding nurses (response rate 45%) were more than satisfied with quality of care (55%) and with their job (66%). No associations were found with nurse characteristics, besides differences in job satisfaction between the units. After controlling for job satisfaction, nurse-perceived quality was positively associated with the work environment characteristics: adequacy of staffing, patient-centeredness, competent peers and support for education. Patient-centeredness and autonomy were the most important predictors for overall job satisfaction. CONCLUSION: Factors that contribute to nurse-perceived quality of care in intensive care units, independent from the effects of overall job satisfaction, were identified. Hereby, offering opportunities to maximize high quality of care to critically ill patients. Research in a larger sample is needed to confirm our findings.
28000321|a|AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: To describe nursing activities in primary care with patients affected by physical chronic disease and common mental disorders. BACKGROUND: Patients in primary care who are affected by physical chronic disease and common mental disorders such as anxiety and depression require care and follow-up based on their physical and mental health condition. Primary care nurses are increasingly expected to contribute to the care and follow-up of this growing clientele. However, little is known about the actual activities carried out by primary care nurses in providing this service in the Province of Quebec (Canada). METHODS: A qualitative descriptive study was conducted. Data were obtained through semistructured individual interviews with 13 nurses practising among patients with physical chronic disease in seven Family Medicine Groups in Quebec (Canada). RESULTS: Participants described five activity domains: assessment of physical and mental health condition, care planning, interprofessional collaboration, therapeutic relationship and health promotion. CONCLUSION: The full potential of primary care nurses is not always exploited, and some activities could be improved. Evidence for including nurses in collaborative care for patients affected by physical chronic disease and common mental disorders has been shown but is not fully implemented in Family Medicine Groups. Future research should emphasise collaboration among mental health professionals, primary care nurses and family physicians in the care of patients with physical chronic disease and common mental disorders. RELEVANCE TO CLINICAL PRACTICE: Primary care nurses would benefit from gaining more knowledge about common mental disorders and from identifying the resources they need to contribute to managing them in an interdisciplinary team.
28000326|a|AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: To examine and describe the transition process of military nurses from military nursing practice to civilian nursing practice. A second aim was to identify challenges and facilitators to this transition. BACKGROUND: Serving in the military, and embodying its values, can have a major impact on a person's worldview. These individuals serve not only as nurses but also as part of a larger military culture with a mission to protect. The decision to separate from the military and transition into the civilian workforce carries many challenges capable of influencing nurses' personal and professional identities. DESIGN: Qualitative descriptive. METHODS: Semi-structured interviews of 10 nurse veterans were conducted in 2015-2016. Data were collected until saturation was reached. RESULTS: The transition includes four major phases from military to civilian nurse: Separating from Military Life, Conflict and Chaos, Shifting Sands and Personal and Professional Reconstruction. Duration and progress through each phase varied slightly for individual nurses. CONCLUSIONS: Both work-role and personal identity transition occur when a nurse leaves the military and enters civilian practice. Military and civilian organisations, in both the USA and other countries, can implement supports to aid these nurses during this personal and professional change. Recommendations from the study group are provided. RELEVANCE TO CLINICAL PRACTICE: The global nursing profession, as well as healthcare organisations that employ nurse veterans, has a commitment and obligation to understand the transition process of nurses who practise within the scope of military nursing and later in civilian nursing environments so that they may be supported and used to the extent of their prior experience. Lessons learned and advice from this group of nurses may positively aid others in their transition experience.
28000327|a|
28000328|a|Recent developments of single-molecule conductance measurements allow us to understand fundamental conducting properties of molecular wires. While a wide variety of organic molecular wires have been studied so far, inorganic and organometallic molecular wires have received much less attention. However, molecular wires with transition-metal atoms show interesting features and functions distinct from those of organic wires. These properties originate mainly from metal-ligand d  -p   interactions and metal-metal d-d interactions. Thanks to the rich combination of metal atoms and supporting ligands, frontier orbital energies of the molecular wires can be finely tuned to lead to highly conducting molecular wires. Moreover, the unique electronic structures of metal complexes are susceptible to subtle environmental changes, leading to potential functional molecular devices. This article reviews recent advances in the single-molecule conductance study of inorganic and organometallic molecular wires.
28000330|a|UNASSIGNED: A unique metal addition to the edge of a triangular palladium sandwich cluster is reported. While the edge coordination sites of a parallel sandwich complex are narrow because of two sterically encumbering   -ligands, association of an additional metal atom to a metal sheet gives a wider coordination site. It was proved that the additional metal atom plays a crucial role in binding of cyclopentadienyl by a Pd3 sheet sandwich complex.
28000331|a|AIMS: To explore the experiences and expectations of patients with chronic fatigue syndrome and general practitioners to develop the potential role of an advanced nurse practitioner at the diagnostic care path of abnormal fatigue developed for regional transmural implementation in the Belgian provinces of East and West Flanders. BACKGROUND: Patients with chronic fatigue syndrome experience an incapacitating chronic fatigue that is present for at least 6 months. Since many uncertainties exist about the causes and progression of the disease, patients have to cope with disbelief and scepticism. Access to health care may be hampered, which could lead to inappropriate treatments and guidance. DESIGN: Qualitative design. METHODS: Individual semi-structured interviews were conducted with patients with chronic fatigue syndrome and general practitioners in Belgium. Data were collected over 9 months in 2014-2015. All interviews were audio recorded and transcribed for qualitative analysis using open explorative thematic coding. RESULTS: Fifteen patients and 15 general practitioners were interviewed. Three themes were identified: mixed feelings with the diagnosis, lack of one central intermediator and insufficient coordination. Participants stressed the need for education, knowledge and an intermediator to provide relevant information at the right time and to build up a trust relationship. CONCLUSION: This qualitative exploration underscores some clear deficiencies in the guidance of patients suffering from chronic fatigue syndrome and abnormal fatigue. An advanced nurse practitioner as a central intermediator in the transmural care of these patients could promote interdisciplinary/multidisciplinary collaboration and effective communication, provide education and ensure a structured and coordinated approach.
28000342|a|In order to identify a more appealing exercise strategy for the elderly, we studied a mouse model to determine whether a less time-consuming training program would improve exercise performance, enzyme activities, mitochondrial respiration, and metabolomic parameters. We compared the effects of short-session (acceleration-based) training with those of long-session endurance training in 23-month-old mice. The short-session training consisted of five acceleration-based treadmill running sessions over 2  weeks (the acceleration group), whereas the endurance training consisted of five-one-hour treadmill sessions per week for 4  weeks (the endurance group). A control group of mice was also studied. In the acceleration group, the post-training maximum running speed and time to exhaustion were significantly improved, relative to pretraining values (+8% for speed, P<.05; +10% for time to exhaustion, P<.01). The post-training maximum running speed was higher in the acceleration group than in the endurance group (by 23%; P<.001) and in the control group (by 15%; P<.05). In skeletal muscle samples, the enzymatic activities of citrate synthase, lactate dehydrogenase, and creatine kinase were significantly higher in the acceleration group than in the endurance group. Furthermore, mitochondrial respiratory activity in the gastrocnemius was higher in the acceleration group than in the control group. A metabolomic urine analysis revealed a higher mean taurine concentration and a lower mean branched amino acid concentration in the acceleration group. In old mice, acceleration-based training appears to be an efficient way of increasing performance by improving both aerobic and anaerobic metabolism, and possibly by enhancing antioxidant defenses and maintaining muscle protein balance.
28000343|a|BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to identify the prevalence of cancer cachexia and its prognostic impact in patients with advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). METHODS: The prevalence of cancer cachexia was analyzed according to the follow-up periods during the first year after curative initial treatment. Recurrences, noncancer health events (NCHEs), and cause-specific survival outcomes were also analyzed according to the incidence of cancer cachexia during follow-up. RESULTS: Cancer cachexia was identified in 22 (6.1%), 148 (41%), 66 (18.4%), and 65 (18.7%) of 361 enrolled patients at pretreatment, immediately after treatment, 6-months after treatment, and 12-months after treatment, respectively. Sustained or newly developed cachexia at 6 and 12 months showed a significant association with recurrence and NCHE occurrence (p   <   .05). In cause-specific survival analysis, patients with cachexia had a higher probability of cancer-specific death, noncancerous death, and overall death (p   <   .05). CONCLUSION: Cachexia prevalence at 6 and 12 months after treatment for HNSCC indicates a higher chance of recurrence, NCHE, and death.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. Head Neck, 2016.
28000344|a|BACKGROUND: Clinical care for children and adults living with sickle cell disease (SCD) is often provided in the emergency department (ED). Population-based surveillance data can be used to describe the ED utilization patterns of this patient population. PROCEDURE: A cohort of pediatric and adult California patients with SCD was identified from multiple data sources, and 10 years (2005-2014) of their treat-and-release ED utilization data were analyzed. RESULTS: Among a cohort of 4,636 patients with SCD, 4,100 (88%) had one or more treat-and-release ED visits. There were 2.1 mean annual visits per person for the cohort (median 0.7; range 0-185). In a single year (2005), 53% had 0 treat-and-release ED visits, 35% had 1-3 visits, 9% had 4-10 visits, and 3% had 11 or more visits; this highest utilization group accounted for 45% of all patients' ED visits. ED utilization in this cohort was highest among young adults and also higher among older adults than pediatric patients. CONCLUSION: The majority of identified patients in each of the 10 years did not go to the ED, but nearly all had one or more such visits over the full span of time. This study highlights the power and utility of a multisource longitudinal data collection effort for SCD. Further study of the segment of the population with highest ED utilization may highlight areas where changes in healthcare and health policy could improve and extend the lives of patients with SCD.
28000345|a|
28000358|a|OBJECTIVES: Levels of undiagnosed HIV infection and late presentation remain high globally despite attempts to increase testing. The objective of this study was to evaluate a risk-based prototype application to prompt HIV testing when patients undergo routine blood tests. METHODS: Two computer physician order entry (CPOE) systems were modified using the application to prompt health care workers (HCWs) to add an HIV test when other tests selected suggested that the patient was at higher risk of HIV infection. The application was applied for a 3-month period in two areas, in a large London hospital and in general practices in Teesside/North Yorkshire. At the end of the evaluation period, HCWs were interviewed to assess the usability and acceptability of the prompt. Numbers of HIV tests ordered in the general practice areas were also compared before and after the prompt's introduction. RESULTS: The system was found to be both useable and generally acceptable to hospital doctors, general practitioners and nurse practitioners, with little evidence of prompt/alert fatigue. The issue of the prompt appearing late in the patient consultation did lead to some difficulties, particularly around discussion of the test and consent. In the general practices, around 1 in 10 prompts were accepted and there was a 6% increase in testing rates over the 3-month study period (P = 0.169). CONCLUSIONS: Using a CPOE-based clinical decision support application to prompt HIV testing appears both feasible and acceptable to HCWs. Refining the application to provide more accurate risk stratification is likely to make it more effective.
28000360|a|UNASSIGNED: We report an efficient oxidative radical desulfur-fragmentation and reconstruction of enol triflates for the synthesis of a-CF3 ketones. Preliminary mechanistic studies disclosed that oxidative fragmentation to release a CF3 radical from the triflyl group of enol triflate and subsequent addition of the CF3 radical to another enol triflate form the desired a-CF3 ketones. This method provides a new approach to a-CF3 ketones, featuring the utilization of catalytic amount of oxidants, broad substrate scope, and potential to control the regioselectivity.
28000361|a|Detailed conformational analyses of our previously reported cyclopropane-based peptidomimetics and conformational analysis-driven ligand optimization are described. Computational calculations and X-ray crystallography showed that the characteristic features of cyclopropane function effectively to constrain the molecular conformation in a three-dimensionally diverse manner. Subsequent principal component analysis revealed that the diversity covers the broad chemical space filled by peptide secondary structures in terms of both main-chain and side-chain conformations. Based on these analyses, a lead stereoisomer targeting melanocortin receptors was identified, and its potency and subtype selectivity were improved by further derivatization. The presented strategy is effective not only for designing non-peptidic ligands from a peptide ligand but also for the rational optimization of these ligands based on the plausible target-binding conformation without requiring the three- dimensional structural information of the target and its peptide ligands.
28000362|a|Maxillofacial bone defect is a critical problem for many patients. In severe cases, the patients need an operation using a biomaterial replacement. Therefore, to design performance biomaterials is a challenge for materials scientists and maxillofacial surgeons. In this research, porous silk fibroin scaffolds with mimicked microenvironment based on decellularized pulp and fibronectin were created as for bone regeneration. Silk fibroin scaffolds were fabricated by freeze-drying before modification with three different components: decellularized pulp, fibronectin, and decellularized pulp/fibronectin. The morphologies of the modified scaffolds were observed by scanning electron microscopy. Existence of the modifying components in the scaffolds was proved by the increase in weights and from the pore size measurements of the scaffolds. The modified scaffolds were seeded with MG-63 osteoblasts and cultured. Testing of the biofunctionalities included cell viability, cell proliferation, calcium content, alkaline phosphatase activity (ALP), mineralization and histological analysis. The results demonstrated that the modifying components organized themselves into aggregations of a globular structure. They were arranged themselves into clusters of aggregations with a fibril structure in the porous walls of the scaffolds. The results showed that modified scaffolds with a mimicked microenvironment of decellularized pulp/fibronectin were suitable for cell viability since the cells could attach and spread into most of the pores of the scaffold. Furthermore, the scaffolds could induce calcium synthesis, mineralization, and ALP activity. The results indicated that modified silk fibroin scaffolds with a mimicked microenvironment of decellularized pulp/fibronectin hold promise for use in tissue engineering in maxillofacial bone defects.    2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Biomed Mater Res Part A: 105A: 1624-1636, 2017.
28000370|a|UNASSIGNED: The intracellular trafficking and proteolytic processing of the membrane-bound amyloid precursor protein (APP) are coordinated events leading to the generation of pathogenic amyloid-beta (Ab) peptides. The membrane transport of newly synthesized APP from the Golgi to the endolysosomal system is not well defined, yet it is likely to be critical for regulating its processing by b-secretase (BACE1) and y-secretase. Here, we show that the majority of newly synthesized APP is transported from the trans-Golgi network (TGN) directly to early endosomes and then subsequently to the late endosomes/lysosomes with very little transported to the cell surface. We show that Arl5b, a small G protein localized to the TGN, and AP4 are essential for the post-Golgi transport of APP to early endosomes. Arl5b is physically associated with AP4 and is required for the recruitment of AP4, but not AP1, to the TGN. Depletion of either Arl5b or AP4 results in the accumulation of APP, but not BACE1, in the Golgi, and an increase in APP processing and Ab secretion. These findings demonstrate that APP is diverted from BACE1 at the TGN for direct transport to early endosomes and that the TGN represents a site for APP processing with the subsequent secretion of Ab.
28000385|a|UNASSIGNED: Reliable and short synthetic routes to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and nanographenes are important in materials science. Herein, we report an efficient one-step annulative   -extension reaction of alkynes that provides access to diarylphenanthrenes and related nanographene precursors. In the presence of a cationic palladium/o-chloranil catalyst system and dibenzosiloles or dibenzogermoles as   -extending agents, a variety of diarylacetylenes are transformed successfully into 9,10-diarylphenanthrenes in a single step with good functional-group tolerance. Furthermore, double   -extension reactions of 1,4-bis(phenylethynyl)benzene and diphenyl-1,3-butadiyne are demonstrated, affording oligoarylene products, which show potential for application in the synthesis of larger polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and nanographenes.
28000386|a|In this work, they aimed at producing chitosan based nanofiber mats capable of delivering insulin via the buccal mucosa. Chitosan was electrospun into nanofibers using poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO) as a carrier molecule in various feed ratios. The mechanical properties and degradation kinetics of the fibers were measured. Insulin release rates were determined in vitro using an ELISA assay. The bioactivity of released insulin was measured in terms of Akt activation in pre-adipocytes. Insulin permeation across the buccal mucosa was measured in an ex-vivo porcine transbuccal model. Fiber morphology, mechanical properties, and in vitro stability were dependent on PEO feed ratio. Lower PEO content blends produced smaller diameter fibers with significantly faster insulin release kinetics. Insulin showed no reduction in bioactivity due to electrospinning. Buccal permeation of insulin facilitated by high chitosan content blends was significantly higher than that of free insulin. Taken together, the work demonstrates that chitosan-based nanofibers have the potential to serve as a transbuccal insulin delivery vehicle.    2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Biomed Mater Res Part A: 105A: 1252-1259, 2017.
28000388|a|UNASSIGNED: Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is common in cancer patients. However, little is known about VTE risk in metastatic urothelial carcinoma or variant histologies (UC/VH). We sought to characterize the incidence, associative factors, including whether various chemotherapy regimens portend different risk, and impact of VTE on survival in metastatic UC/VH patients. Patients diagnosed with metastatic UC/VH from 2000 to 2013 were included in this multicenter retrospective, international study from 29 academic institutions. Cumulative and 6-month VTE incidence rates were determined. The association of first-line chemotherapy (divided into six groups) and other baseline characteristics on VTE were analyzed. Each chemotherapy treatment group and statistically significant baseline clinical characteristics were assessed in a multivariate, competing-risk regression model. VTE patients were matched to non-VTE patients to determine the impact of VTE on overall survival. In all, 1762 patients were eligible for analysis. There were 144 (8.2%) and 90 (5.1%) events cumulative and within the first 6  months, respectively. VTE rates based on chemotherapy group demonstrated no statistical difference when gemcitabine/cisplatin was used as the comparator. Non-urotheilal histology (SHR: 2.67; 95% CI: 1.72-4.16, P  <  0.001), moderate to severe renal dysfunction (SHR: 2.12; 95% CI: 1.26-3.59, P  =  0.005), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) or CVD risk factors (SHR: 2.27; 95% CI: 1.49-3.45, P  =  0.001) were associated with increased VTE rates. Overall survival was worse in patients with VTE (median 6.0  m vs. 10.2  m, P  <  0.001). Thus, in metastatic UC/VH patients, VTE is common and has a negative impact on survival. We identified multiple associated potential risk factors, although different chemotherapy regimens did not alter risk.
28000397|a|UNASSIGNED: This issue of the Anatomical Record is the second of a two-volume set on the zygoma (also called the cheek bone, the zygomatic bone, the malar, or the jugal, the latter term being used in vertebrates other than mammals). The zygoma is an important component of the craniofacial skeleton, in which the zygoma is a connection between the midfacial and the cranial skeletons; has a functional role as the origin of one of the masticatory muscles, the masseter muscle, and several facial muscles; has been considered as an essential buttress of the facial skeleton for resisting masticatory forces; and has importance for determining phylogenetic relationships. In humans, the zygoma is also of aesthetic significance for facial appearance, and its restoration following trauma has resulted in a large clinical literature. In this second half of the special issue on the zygoma, a series of papers discuss studies related to evolution of the zygoma and related parts of the craniofacial skeleton throughout the vertebrates, and in particular in human evolution. There are also a series of articles discussing variation of the zygoma in modern humans. This article is an overview in which we discuss the primary findings of these studies and some of their implications. Anat Rec, 300:12-15, 2017.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
28000398|a|UNASSIGNED: The zygoma, or jugum, is a cranial element that was present in Mesozoic tetrapods, well before the appearance of mammals. Although as an entity the zygoma is a primitive retention among mammals, it has assumed myriad configurations as this group diversified. As the zygoma is located at the intersection of the visual, respiratory, and masticatory apparatuses, it is potentially of great importance in systematic, phylogenetic, and functional studies focused on this region. For example, the facial component of the zygoma and its contribution to a postorbital bar (POB) appear to be relevant to the systematics of a number of mammalian subclades, and the formation of a bony postorbital septum (POS) that separates the orbit from the infratemporal fossa is unique to, and thus potentially phylogenetically significant for uniting anthropoid primates, while the zygoma itself appears to serve to resist tension and bending forces during mastication. In order to better understand the zygoma in the context of its contributions to the circumorbital region, we documented its morphological expression in specimens representing 10 orders of mammals. Since the presence of a POB and of a POS has long been used to justify uniting extant primates and anthropoid primates as respective clades, and because postorbital closure (POC) is morphologically more complex than a POB, we provide detail necessary to address these claims. Our taxically broad overview also allowed us to provide for the first time definitions of configurations that can be applied to future studies. Using a different, but also taxically broad sample of mammals, and of primates in particular, we performed two geometric morphometric analyses that were geared toward testing long-held interpretations of the functional role of the zygoma, especially with regard to mastication and in the context of orbital frontation (to which the zygoma contributes). Further, overall, zygomatic morphology tends not to scale with allometry, sexual dimorphism, or angle of orbital convergence, but it does contribute to unique patterns of intraspecies variation. Anat Rec, 300:76-151, 2017.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
28000405|a|UNASSIGNED: The human zygomatic structure, consisting of the zygomatic bone and the zygomatic process of the temporal bone, is an essential part of the masticatory apparatus and has been shown to reflect population history and sexual dimorphism to varying degrees. In this study, we analyzed the predictive value of the outlines vs. the complete surface shape of the zygomatic bone in a sample of 98 Chinese (50    , 48    ) and 96 Germans (49    , 47    ). We first applied a surface registration process based on statistical shape modeling. A dense set of 1,480 pseudo-landmarks was then sampled automatically from the surface of the pooled mean shape and three curves were digitized manually along the outlines of the zygomatic bone. Both sets of pseudo-landmarks were automatically transferred to all specimens. Analysis of sex and population affinity showed both factors to be independently significant, but the interaction between them was not. Population affinity could be predicted quite accurately with correct classification of 97.9% using the surface data and 93.3% with the curve data. Sexual dimorphism was less distinct with 89.2% correct sex determination when using surface information compared with 77.8% when using the curve data. Population-related shape differences were captured primarily in the outlines, while sexual dimorphism is distributed more uniformly throughout the entire surface of the zygomatic structure. Anat Rec, 300:226-237, 2017.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
28000406|a|UNASSIGNED: The relative position of the zygomatic root to the dentition plays a crucial role in determining the overall strength of the face in response to bite forces. The powerful superficial head of the masseter arises there and the zygomaticoalveolar crest (ZAC) is discussed as a buttressing feature of the face. For instance, a more forwardly or backwardly positioned zygomatic root or a lower or higher vertical distance to the dentition could be indicative for evolutionary adaptations to particular loading regimes which are associated with diet. We therefore examined the morphology of the maxilla using state-of-the-art 3D Geometric Morphometric methods. The data set was reduced to a minimum of relevant measurements and includes five landmarks (pr, ol, zm, lingual and buccal midpoint of second molar alveoli) and three curves with semilandmarks along the lingual and buccal alveolar rim and the ZAC. Results show a stunning overlap in shape variation. We find no clear pattern of shape that would allow separating different hominid groups with confidence, except two extreme forms-Paranthropines and Neanderthals. We also find no clear trend over time. Australopithecines, Habilines, Erectines, and Middle Pleistocene Homo can be very similar to modern humans. Even great apes are within or not far from the central shape distribution of Homo, but they separate clearly from gracile and robust Australopithecines. We discuss the shape factors underlying our data. The geometry studied allows simple measurements and analyses and is thus potentially interesting for classification purposes of extreme forms. Anat Rec, 300:160-170, 2017.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
28000408|a|UNASSIGNED: The variable development of the zygoma, dictating its shape and size variations among ancestral groups, has important clinical implications and valuable anthropological and evolutionary inferences. The purpose of the study was to review the literature regarding the variations in the zygoma with ancestry. Ancestral variation in the zygoma reflects genetic variations because of genetic drift as well as natural selection and epigenetic changes to adapt to diet and climate variations with possible intensification by isolation. Prominence of the zygoma, zygomaxillary tuberosity, and malar tubercle have been associated with Eastern Asian populations in whom these features intensified. Prominence of the zygoma is also associated with groups from Eastern Europe and the rest of Asia. Diffusion of these traits occurred across the Behring Sea to the Arctic areas and to North and South America. The greatest zygomatic projections are exhibited in Arctic groups as an adaptation to extreme cold conditions, while Native South American groups also present with other features of facial robusticity. Groups from Australia, Malaysia, and Oceania show prominence of the zygoma to a certain extent, possibly because of archaic occupations by undifferentiated Southeast Asian populations. More recent interactions with Chinese groups might explain the prominent cheekbones noted in certain South African groups. Many deductions regarding evolutionary processes and diversifications of early groups have been made. Cognisance of these ancestral variations also have implications for forensic anthropological assessments as well as plastic and reconstructive surgery. More studies are needed to improve accuracy of forensic anthropological identification techniques. Anat Rec, 300:196-208, 2017.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
28000410|a|UNASSIGNED: The zygoma (called jugal bar) in modern birds accounts for a large portion of the ventral margin of the cranium. As a delicate and rod-like element, the jugal bar is functionally integrated into the avian cranial kinesis, a unique property that allows the beak to be elevated or depressed with respect to the braincase and thus distinguishes birds from all other modern vertebrates. Developmental studies show that the jugal bar of modern birds is formed by the fusion of the jugal and quadratojugal that are ossified from separated centers. However, those two bones are unfused and exhibit complicated morphological variations in basal birds and their dinosaurian relatives. Moreover, the jugal and quadratojugal form rigid articulations with the postorbital and squamosal, respectively, consequently hindering the movement of the upper jaw in most non-avian dinosaurs and some basal birds. A comparative study of the jugal and quadratojugal morphology of basal birds and their close relatives such as dromaeosaurids and oviraptorids elucidates how modern birds has achieved its derived jugal bar morphology, and sheds light on the evolution of the postorbital configuration of birds. We propose that numerous morphological modifications of those two elements (morphology changes and reduced articulation with other elements) took place in early bird history, and some of them pertinent to the refinement of the cranial kinesis. Anat Rec, 300:62-75, 2017.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
28000427|a|BACKGROUND: Leukemia is the most common pediatric cancer with incidence rates of around 48 per million for children under 15 years of age. The median age-adjusted incidence rate (AAIR) in children aged 0-14 years in Brazil is 53.3 per million. While overall survival rates for children with leukemia have improved significantly, data for incidence, trends, and relative survival among children and adolescents with leukemia in Recife, Brazil, remain incomplete, which hampers our analyses and provision of the best healthcare. The objective of this report is to provide that data. METHODS: Data from the Population-Based Cancer Registry of Recife were analyzed from 1998 to 2007. Our analyses included frequencies and AAIR, together with age-specific incidence rates for all leukemias, acute lymphoblastic leukemia, and acute myeloid leukemia. To evaluate incidence trends, joinpoint regression, including annual average percent change, were analyzed. Relative survival was calculated using the life-table method. RESULTS: One hundred seventy-five cases were identified, 51% in females. The review reduced the not otherwise specified (NOS) leukemia category by 50% and diagnosis by death certificate only from 5.7% to 1.1%. The AAIR for leukemia was 41.1 per million, with a peak among children aged 1-4 (78.3 per million). Incidence trends during the period were stable. The five-year relative survival rate was 69.8%. CONCLUSIONS: These data represent the incidence rate and survival of childhood leukemia in Recife, located in the northeast region of Brazil, using a high-quality database.
28000428|a|OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to better delineate the complex interrelationship among insulin resistance (IR), secretion rate (ISR), and clearance rate (ICR) to increase plasma insulin concentrations in obesity. METHODS: Healthy volunteers (92 nondiabetic individuals) had an insulin suppression test to measure IR and graded-glucose infusion test to measure ISR and ICR. Obesity was defined as a body mass index (BMI) >= 30 kg/m(2) , and IR was defined as steady-state plasma glucose (SSPG) >= 10 mmol/L during the insulin suppression test. Plasma glucose and insulin concentrations, ISR, and ICR were compared in three groups: insulin sensitive/overweight; insulin sensitive/obesity; and insulin resistant/obesity. RESULTS: Compared with the insulin-sensitive/overweight group, the insulin-sensitive/obesity had significantly higher insulin area under the curve (AUC) and ISR AUC during the graded-glucose infusion test (P < 0.001). Glucose AUC and ICR were similar. The insulin-resistant/obesity group had higher insulin AUC and ISR AUC compared with the insulin-sensitive/obesity but also had higher glucose AUC and decreased ICR (P < 0.01). In multivariate analysis, both BMI and SSPG were significantly associated with ISR. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma insulin concentration and ISR are increased in individuals with obesity, irrespective of degree of IR, but a decrease in ICR is confined to the subset of individuals with IR.
28000429|a|BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Providing high-quality care to patients undergoing haemodialysis (HD) is a priority for nurses. The present study was conducted to explore the experiences of the quality of nursing care among patients, nurses, caregivers and physicians in an HD department in Iran. METHODS: This was a qualitative study, set in the HD department of Kowsar Hospital in Semnan, Iran. A total of 20 participants (patients, caregivers, nurses and doctors) were selected and were invited to semi-structured interviews with open-ended questions. The data obtained were analysed using conventional content analysis. FINDINGS: The analysis of the data led to the extraction of four themes: maintaining health, person/client, nursing responsibility and environment. CONCLUSION: The findings of the present study showed that maintaining health, person/client interaction, nursing responsibility and environment are four important nursing metaparadigms that affect the quality of nursing care in HD departments.
28000430|a|OBJECTIVE: To screen the metabolomes of both overweight subjects with low visceral fat area (LFO) and high visceral fat area (HFO) to identify potential metabolites that are associated with the different metabolic characteristics. METHODS: The metabolic characteristics of 112 overweight (25 kg/m(2)    <=    BMI   <   30 kg/m(2) ) Korean individuals aged 30 to 65 years were examined. Plasma metabolomic profiling of HFO [visceral fat area (VFA) at L4   >=    100 cm(2) ] and LFO (L4 VFA <100 cm(2) ) individuals matched for age, gender, and BMI was performed. RESULTS: HFO subjects showed higher VFA at L1 and L4 than LFO subjects. The HFO group showed higher blood pressure, lipid profile, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, malondialdehyde, oxidized low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance and lower high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels. In plasma metabolite identification, the HFO group showed significantly higher levels of long-chain (C14:1, C16:1, C16) acylcarnitines (ACs), medium-chain (C12:1, C12) ACs, urobilinogen, docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6  3), lysoPE (22:6), lysoPC (22:6), lysoPC (22:5), methoxybenzenepropanoic acid, and isodesmosine. All five ACs correlated positively with VFA and oxidized LDL levels and negatively with high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels and LDL particle size. CONCLUSIONS: Twelve major metabolites, including three long-chain fatty acids and two medium-chain ACs, are important for distinguishing HFO and LFO. Chronic lipid surplus from visceral fat in HFO is likely associated with substantial increases in plasma medium-chain ACs and long-chain fatty acids, which are closely related to atherogenic traits.
28000431|a|Research on early warning indicators has generally focused on assessing temporal transitions with limited application of these methods to detecting spatial regimes. Traditional spatial boundary detection procedures that result in ecoregion maps are typically based on ecological potential (i.e. potential vegetation), and often fail to account for ongoing changes due to stressors such as land use change and climate change and their effects on plant and animal communities. We use Fisher information, an information theory-based method, on both terrestrial and aquatic animal data (U.S. Breeding Bird Survey and marine zooplankton) to identify ecological boundaries, and compare our results to traditional early warning indicators, conventional ecoregion maps and multivariate analyses such as nMDS and cluster analysis. We successfully detected spatial regimes and transitions in both terrestrial and aquatic systems using Fisher information. Furthermore, Fisher information provided explicit spatial information about community change that is absent from other multivariate approaches. Our results suggest that defining spatial regimes based on animal communities may better reflect ecological reality than do traditional ecoregion maps, especially in our current era of rapid and unpredictable ecological change.
28000444|a|UNASSIGNED: We report on an artificially intelligent nanoarray based on molecularly modified gold nanoparticles and a random network of single-walled carbon nanotubes for noninvasive diagnosis and classification of a number of diseases from exhaled breath. The performance of this artificially intelligent nanoarray was clinically assessed on breath samples collected from 1404 subjects having one of 17 different disease conditions included in the study or having no evidence of any disease (healthy controls). Blind experiments showed that 86% accuracy could be achieved with the artificially intelligent nanoarray, allowing both detection and discrimination between the different disease conditions examined. Analysis of the artificially intelligent nanoarray also showed that each disease has its own unique breathprint, and that the presence of one disease would not screen out others. Cluster analysis showed a reasonable classification power of diseases from the same categories. The effect of confounding clinical and environmental factors on the performance of the nanoarray did not significantly alter the obtained results. The diagnosis and classification power of the nanoarray was also validated by an independent analytical technique, i.e., gas chromatography linked with mass spectrometry. This analysis found that 13 exhaled chemical species, called volatile organic compounds, are associated with certain diseases, and the composition of this assembly of volatile organic compounds differs from one disease to another. Overall, these findings could contribute to one of the most important criteria for successful health intervention in the modern era, viz. easy-to-use, inexpensive (affordable), and miniaturized tools that could also be used for personalized screening, diagnosis, and follow-up of a number of diseases, which can clearly be extended by further development.
28000445|a|UNASSIGNED: Delphinidin, one of the major anthocyanidins, shows protective effects against a variety of pathologies, including cancer, inflammation, and muscle atrophy. The purpose of this study was to determine the preventive mechanism of delphinidin on disuse muscle atrophy. In vitro and in vivo models were used to validate the effects of delphinidin on the expression of MuRF1, miR-23a and NFATc3. Delphinidin suppressed the upregulation of MuRF1 (1.77  0.05 vs 1.03  0.17, P < 0.05) expression and inhibited the downregulation of miR-23a (0.56  0.05 vs 0.94  0.06, P < 0.05) and NFATc3 (0.61  0.02 vs 1.02  0.08, P < 0.01) expression in dexamethasone-treated C2C12 cells. In gastrocnemius, muscle weight loss was prevented by oral administration of delphinidin. Moreover, delphinidin suppressed MuRF1 (3.35  0.13 vs 2.26  0.3, P < 0.01) expression and promoted miR-23a (0.58  0.15 vs 2.25  0.29, P < 0.001) and NFATc3 (0.85  0.17 vs 1.54  0.13, P < 0.001) expressions. Delphinidin intake may prevent disuse muscle atrophy by inducing miR-23a expression and suppressing MuRF1 expression.
28000446|a|The physics-based potentials of side-chain-side-chain interactions corresponding to pairs composed of charged and polar, polar and polar, charged and hydrophobic, and hydrophobic and hydrophobic side chains have been determined. A total of 144 four-dimensional potentials of mean force (PMFs) of all possible pairs of molecules modeling these pairs were determined by umbrella-sampling molecular dynamics simulations in explicit water as functions of distance and orientation, and the analytical expressions were then fitted to the PMFs. Depending on the type of interacting sites, the analytical approximation to the PMF is a sum of terms corresponding to van der Waals interactions and cavity-creation involving the nonpolar sections of the side chains and van der Waals, cavity-creation, and electrostatic (charge-dipole or dipole-dipole) interaction energies and polarization energies involving the charged or polar sections of the side chains. The model used in this work reproduces all features of the interacting pairs. The UNited RESidue force field with the new side-chain-side-chain interaction potentials was preliminarily tested with the N-terminal part of the B-domain of staphylococcal protein A (PDBL 1BDD ; a three-a-helix bundle) and UPF0291 protein YnzC from Bacillus subtilis (PDB: 2HEP ; an a-helical hairpin).
28000447|a|UNASSIGNED: We previously demonstrated that curcumin reduces cholesterol absorption in Caco-2 cells through down-regulating Niemann-Pick C1-like 1 (NPC1L1) expression, but the in vivo effect of curcumin on intestinal cholesterol absorption remains unknown. The present study aimed to investigate the effects and mechanisms of curcumin consumption on cholesterol absorption in hamsters. Male hamsters were fed a high-fat diet supplemented with or without curcumin (0.05% w/w) for 12 weeks. Curcumin supplementation significantly decreased serum total cholesterol (TC) (from 6.86    0.27 to 3.50    0.24 mmol/L), triglyceride (TG) (from 5.07    0.34 to 3.72    0.40 mmol/L), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (from 2.58    0.19 to 1.71    0.15 mmol/L) levels as well as liver TC (from 11.6    0.05 to 7.2    0.03 mg/g) and TG (from 30.3    0.22 to 25.2    0.18 mg/g) levels (P < 0.05 for all). In contrast, curcumin treatment markedly enhanced fecal cholesterol output (P < 0.01). Moreover, curcumin supplementation down-regulated the mRNA and protein expressions of sterol regulatory element binding protein-2 (SREBP-2) and NPC1L1 in the small intestine (P < 0.05). Our current results indicate that curcumin inhibits cholesterol absorption in hamsters by suppressing SREBP-2 and subsequently down-regulating NPC1L1 expression, which may be responsible for the hypocholesterolemic effects of curcumin.
28000456|a|Introducci  n y objetivos: los objetivos del presente estudio fueron: a) estimar la prevalencia de sobrepeso/obesidad y delgadez en escolares nacidos en 2007 y 2008 de Castilla-La Mancha, Espa  a, en los a  os 2013 y 2015; y b) analizar la persistencia en las mismas categor  as de estatus ponderal entre 2013 y 2015 en esta cohorte de escolares.Material y m  todos: estudio de seguimiento en el que se analizaron los datos antropom  tricos de los escolares nacidos en 2007 y 2008 en los a  os 2013 (4-6 a  os) y 2015 (6-8 a  os). Se invit   a participar a todos los escolares de 21 colegios de las provincias de Cuenca y Ciudad  Real que cursaban tercero de Educaci  n Infantil o primero de Educaci  n Primaria en 2013. En todos ellos se determinaron, adem  s de variables sociodemogr  ficas, peso, talla y porcentaje de grasa corporal por bioimpedancia el  ctrica.Resultados: la prevalencia de delgadez, sobrepeso y obesidad en la medici  n basal fue de 20,7%, 12% y 8,2% respectivamente. Dos a  os despu  s, la prevalencia de delgadez disminuy   hasta 14,7% y la de sobrepeso y obesidad aument   hasta 15,4% y 8,4% respectivamente. Por otro lado, el 78,8% de los escolares permanec  a en 2015 en la misma categor  a ponderal que en 2013.Conclusiones: el aumento en la prevalencia de sobrepeso/obesidad de los escolares parece estar remitiendo, al mismo tiempo que el incremento en la prevalencia de bajo peso ha aumentado sustancialmente. Por   ltimo, los escolares tienden a mantener el estatus ponderal previo al rebote adiposo durante la edad escolar.
28000457|a|INTRODUCTION: Being physically active is related to a better physical functioning in older people, but daily physical activity impact in specific outcomes such as osteoporosis or sarcopenia is still not clear. OBJECTIVE: The main objective of this study is to determine the impact of daily physical activity (DPA) in the bone mineral density and grip strength of old women. The secondary objective is to distinguish between weekday and weekend day scores. METHODS: Forty-two women between 65 and 79 years participated. DPA was monitored with the accelerometer ActiGraph GT3X (Pensacola, FL, USA) placed on the dominant hand wrist. Bone mineral density was measured with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (AccuDEXA, SHICK, USA) in the central finger of the dominant hand; and grip strength, with a Takei dynamometer (TKK 5001). RESULTS: There were statistical differences between moderate and vigorous DPA in age, T-score, physical activity counts/min and min/day, and grip strength. Weekend minutes correlated significantly with all the variables. Age was a confounding factor. CONCLUSIONS: Higher DPA intensities accomplished by our old women sample preserve T-score (bone standard deviations respect to young, healthy people) and grip strength in a normal range. These results are strongly influenced by weekend scores. Age should be controlled by shorter ranks.
28000459|a|Objetivo: evaluar la relaci  n entre la percepci  n de las barreras para la pr  ctica de la actividad f  sica (AF) con la presencia de obesidad abdominal (OA) en universitarios de Colombia.M  todos :estudio descriptivo y transversal en 5.663 sujetos entre 18 y 30 a  os de edad (3.348 hombres), pertenecientes a tres ciudades de Colombia. Se midi   la circunferencia de cintura (CC) como indicador de OA y el riesgo se clasific   seg  n valores de referencia internacionales. La autopercepci  n de barreras se determin   con el cuestionario Barriers to Being Active Quiz (BBAQ-21) validado en Colombia. Se calcularon razones de prevalencia (RP) entre cada dominio del cuestionario y clasificaci  n de OA.Resultados: la prevalencia de obesidad abdominal fue del 10,4% con diferencias por sexo (7,3% hombres vs.12,6% mujeres p < 0,01). La "falta de tiempo", la "influencia social" y la "falta de habilidades" fueron las barreras m  s prevalentes para cesar la pr  ctica de AF en el grupo de entrevistados con OA en ambos sexos. Al comparar los estudiantes con CC saludable, la RP de presentar OA fue mayor en el grupo de mujeres que en hombres en los dominios del cuestionario BBAQ-21 "falta de tiempo" (RP = 1,33 [IC 95% 1,11-1,60]) vs.(RP = 1,14 [IC 95% 1,03-1,26]) y "falta de recursos" (RP = 1, 93 [IC 95% 11,67-2,24])vs. (RP = 1,83 [IC 95% 1,68-1,99]), respectivamente.Conclusi  n: una mayor autopercepci  n de las barreras para realizar AF se relacion   con mayor frecuencia en el grupo con OA en universitarios de Colombia.
28000460|a|Introducci  n: el sobrepeso y la obesidad se asocian a una mayor probabilidad de que el parto finalice en ces  rea. Dado que dicho incremento del riesgo podr  a estar sesgado por variables de confusi  n como la diabetes o la hipertensi  n, en el presente trabajo pretendemos determinar si este riesgo persiste tras ser ajustado por numerosas variables de control.Objetivo: determinar si el sobrepeso y/o la obesidad son factores de riesgo independientes para que el parto finalice en ces  rea.M  todos: estudio de cohortes retrospectivo. Se han incluido gestantes adscritas al Hospital Universitario de Puerto Real. Periodo de estudio: 2002-2011. Se incluyeron dos grupos de estudio: sobrepeso al inicio de la gestaci  n (IMC entre 25 y 29,9) y obesidad al inicio de la gestaci  n (IMC >=  30). Grupo ontrol: IMC al inicio de la gestaci  n normal (entre 18,5 y 24,9). El riesgo de ces  rea fue analizado mediante un estudio de regresi  n log  stica m  ltiple incluyendo como covariables: edad materna, parto inducido, diabetes gestacional, diabetes pregestacional, macrosom  a, hipertensi  n arterial, nuliparidad, ces  rea anterior, parto pret  rmino y parto post  rmino.Resultados: de los 18.243 partos registrados, el IMC al inicio de la gestaci  n constaba en 4.711 casos (25,8%). El 26,1% presentaban sobrepeso, el 12,4% obesidad y el 58,9% IMC normal. Sin ajustar por variables control, se asociaron a un incremento del riesgo de ces  rea: sobrepeso (OR 1,48; IC95% 1,27-1,73); obesidad grado 1 (OR 2,09; IC95% 1,66-2,64); obesidad grado 2 (OR 3,23; IC95% 2,31-4,53); obesidad grado 3 (OR 2,57; IC95% 1,56-4,22). El riesgo aumentado se mantuvo significativo en el an  lisis multivariante: sobrepeso (OR 1,51; IC95% 1,24-1,84); obesidad (OR 2,15; IC95% 1,67-2,76).Conclusiones: encontramos una asociaci  n significativa e independiente entre el sobrepeso/obesidad maternos y la finalizaci  n del parto mediante ces  rea incluso ajustando por numerosas variables de control como: edad materna, nuliparidad, ces  rea anterior, hipertensi  n, diabetes, peso al nacer y edad gestacional al parto.
28000461|a|Objetivo: este estudio tuvo como objetivo probar la eficacia de un programa de danzaterapia en la composici  n corporal y calidad de vida en mujeres mayores de 65 a  os, que no realizan ejercicio f  sico de forma habitual. M  todos: cincuenta y dos mujeres sedentarias (edad media de 69,27    3,85 a  os) fueron asignadas al azar para realizar un programa de danzaterapia (n = 27) o formar parte del grupo control (n = 25). El grupo de danza, particip   durante ocho semanas en un programa de danza, tres sesiones semanales de 50 minutos cada una, basado en danza popular espa  ola (sevillanas) y ballet. Ambos grupos reciben informaci  n sobre la importancia de la alimentaci  n y del ejercicio f  sico al comienzo y mitad del estudio. La circunferencia de la cintura, la presi  n arterial, el   ndice de masa corporal y la calidad de vida se evaluaron al inicio y despu  s del tratamiento en ambos grupos. El an  lisis estad  stico se realiz   con un 2 * 2 ANOVA.Resultados: las mujeres del grupo de danza mostraron reducci  n significativa de la circunferencia de la cintura (p = 0,001) en comparaci  n con las del grupo control. Los cambios en el IMC y la calidad de vida, aunque mejoraron en el grupo de danza, no alcanzaron significaci  n estad  stica. Conclusi  n: la danzaterapia espa  ola es una forma de ejercicio f  sico eficaz para reducir la grasa visceral y prevenir comorbilidades en mujeres mayores, contribuyendo a cambiar estilos de vida poco saludables.
28000477|a|Among the neoplasias, colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer death in men and women. The increasing incidence of this type  of cancer is due to the increase in the population's life expectancy, by the increase in chronic inflammatory bowel diseases, primarily ulcerative  colitis and Crohn's disease, and the change in eating habits. The American Cancer Society (2011) shows that diet might be responsible for  approximately 30% of cancer cases in developed countries, moreover when considering only colorectal cancer, the number can reach 30% to  50%. Probiotics are effective in the prevention and treatment of many bowel diseases as inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), diarrhea, irritable  bowel syndrome, gluten intolerance, gastroenteritis, Helicobacter pyloriinfection, and colon cancer. Classical examples are strains from the  Lactobacillus, and Bifidobacteriumgenus that have probiotic proprieties with a potential use in the prophylaxis, as well as in the treatment of a  variety of gastrointestinal tract disorders. Researchers are focusing on extremely important studies regarding the possibility of using probiotics to  promote a balanced microbiota composition, and a sufficient immunological surveillance system as a way to prevent cancer. Considering the fact  that the human intestines host 100 trillion bacteria, including more than 1,000 species, there is still need to perform more in depth investigations  in order to find probiotics with potential to prevent, and treat cancerous diseases, adding a very promising effect to this already successful panorama. This revision aims to conduct a review of the most recent studies correlating probiotics and its cancer preventing and treatment potential.
28000478|a|Introducci  n: Espa  a es el tercer pa  s europeo con mayor prevalencia de obesidad infantil, dando lugar a la aparici  n de programas de intervenci  n destinados a fomentar h  bitos alimentarios saludables y/o de actividad f  sica (AF).Objetivo: el prop  sito de esta revisi  n sistem  tica fue conocer aquellos programas de intervenci  n para la promoci  n de h  bitos alimentarios y de AF desarrollados en escolares espa  oles de Educaci  n Primaria (EP) y analizar la influencia que han tenido las intervenciones sobre la composici  n corporal, los h  bitos alimentarios y la AF.M  todo: se revisaron los art  culos publicados entre los a  os 2000 y 2015 en las siguientes bases de datos: Web of Science, Scopus, Dialnet, PubMed, Eric, Sportdiscus y Psycinfo por dos revisores independientes.Resultados: se contabilizaron un total de 813 art  culos, de los cuales tras la eliminaci  n de duplicados (192), lectura de t  tulos y resumen (587) y lectura del texto completo (17), tan solo 7 cumplieron con los criterios de inclusi  n.Conclusiones: los programas de intervenci  n analizados mostraron cambios positivos en la mejora de la composici  n corporal en algo menos de la mitad de los estudios analizados; por otro lado, casi todos los programas de intervenci  n analizados tuvieron un efecto positivo sobre conductas respecto a ciertos h  bitos alimentarios, como la ingesta de frutas, y sobre el incremento del nivel de AF.
28000479|a|INTRODUCTION: Childhood obesity is now considered a worldwide problem. Nutrition Education (NE) has been identified as a key factor in preventing overweight and obesity in children. In recent years, there has been an increase in the interest in innovative ways to teach this knowledge to children, mainly through the use of the Internet. OBJECTIVE: Review and analyze the available evidence about programs focused on NE for children through the use of the Internet. RESULTS: Three different ways were found to deliver NE over the Internet to children: platforms designed to communicate with other peers or professionals; platforms designed to provide NE through the contents included in the web tool; and platforms designed to provide NE through the contents included in the web tool and automated feedback. Most of these programs were effective in achieving the objectives established. CONCLUSION: Although the use of Internet platforms to teach NE to children has been shown to be effective, the amount of evidence is still scarce. Some of the main advantages the Internet provides are: the opportunity to put the children in contact with education and health professionals; children can keep a record of the food consumed; and it is a more attractive and interesting way for children to learn NE, compared to traditional methods.
28000481|a|Introducci  n: cambios socioculturales como el incremento en el sedentarismo y el consumo de alimentos ricos en grasas y az  cares, sumado a caracter  sticas gen  ticas, han producido un aumento en las cifras de obesidad a nivel mundial. La evaluaci  n temprana en ni  os, mediante el establecimiento de perfi les gen  ticos asociados a obesidad y a la regulaci  n metab  lica y hed  nica de la alimentaci  n, complementado con estudios de la conducta alimentaria, nos permitir  a predecir la predisposici  n a la obesidad en etapas adultas.Objetivo: revisar los conceptos asociados a la conducta alimenticia, enfoc  ndose en la regulaci  n hed  nica, que puede convertirse en un par  metro predictivo de obesidad en ni  os.Material y m  todos: se revis   la bibliograf  a asociada a obesidad infantil y a la regulaci  n homeost  tica y hed  nica de la obesidad, como tambi  n par  metros g  nicos asociados a la obesidad. En la b  squeda de art  culos se incluy   el trabajo en animales y humanos (adultos y ni  os, pero con   nfasis en ni  os).Resultados: se analizaron los mecanismos celulares de la regulaci  n de la ingesta, as   como los estudios de conducta alimentaria en ni  os, entregando antecedentes y carencias en el desarrollo investigativo para la predicci  n de la obesidad infantil.Conclusi  n: la regulaci  n hed  nica de la ingesta alimenticia en ni  os, como perfi les gen  ticos asociados a receptores de dopamina, puede convertirse en un importante predictor de la obesidad. Es necesario incrementar el n  mero de estudios que permitan defi nir de mejor forma, cu  les son los mejores par  metros para predecir el desarrollo de la obesidad adulta.
28000497|a|No abstract available.
28000499|a|The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) adopts as a final rule, with changes, a proposal to amend its regulations concerning copayments charged to certain veterans for medication required on an outpatient basis to treat nonservice-connected conditions. Prior to this final rule, VA charged non-exempt veterans either  8 or  9 for each 30-day or less supply of medication, and that amount may have changed in future years. This rulemaking replaces those rates and establishes three classes of medications for copayment purposes, identified as Tier 1, Tier 2, and Tier 3. These tiers are defined further in the rulemaking and are distinguished in part based on whether the medications are available from multiple sources or a single source, with some exceptions. Copayment amounts are fixed and would vary depending upon the class of medication. The following medication copayment amounts are applicable on the effective date of this final rule:  5 for a 30-day or less supply of a Tier 1 medication,  8 for a 30-day or less supply of a Tier 2 medication, and  11 for a 30-day or less supply of a Tier 3 medication. For non-exempt veterans these copayment amounts will result in lower out-of-pocket costs, thereby encouraging greater adherence to taking prescribed medications and reducing the risk of fragmented care that results when veterans use non-VA pharmacies to fill their prescriptions. The proposed rule was published on January 5, 2016 and the public comment period closed on March 7, 2016. We received nine comments and respond to these comments here.
28000504|a|UNASSIGNED: Anthyllis vulneraria L., Fuchsia sp., Galium mollugo L., and Veronica beccabunga L. were selected to analyse the phenolic content and the antioxidant activity by ferric ion reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) and trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC) assays. The highest polyphenol, tannin, and flavonoid contents were measured in Fuchsia species (7.40    0.8, 5.62    0.7 and 0.72    0.1 g/100 g dry weight), while the lowest values were detected in Anthyllis vulneraria (0.68    0.02, 0.17    0.03 and 0.45    0.01 g/100 g dry weight) and Galium mollugo (1.77    0.05, 0.49    0.04 and 0.16    0.06 g/100 g dry weight). The leaf extract of Fuchsia sp. had the highest, while the herb of A. vulneraria had the lowest antioxidant effect measured by both methods, which is probably related to total polyphenol, tannin, and flavonoid contents.
28000515|a|UNASSIGNED: Fourteen compounds including vanicoside B (1), vanicoside F (2), vanicoside E (3) and 5,6-dehydrokawain (4), aniba-dimer-A (5), 6,6'-((1a,2a,3b,4b)-2,4-diphenylcyclobutane-1,3-diyl)bis(4-methoxy-2H-pyran-2-one) (6), (+)-ketopinoresinol (7), isorhamnetin (8), 3,7-dihydroxy-5,6-dimethoxy-flavone (9), isalpinin (10), cardamomin (11), pinosylvin (12), 2-desoxy-4-epi-pulchellin (13) and b-sitosterol (14) were isolated from dichloromethane-soluble portion of Polygonum hydropiper. By using Alamar blue assay, compounds 2, 7, 8, 11 and 12 were found to be active against Trypanosoma brucei with IC50 values in the range of 0.49-7.77   g/mL. Cardamomin (11) had most significant activity against T. brucei with IC50/IC90 values of 0.49/0.81   g/mL compared to the positive control DFMO (IC50/IC90: 3.02/8.05   g/mL). Furthermore, in antimalarial, antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory, PPAR and cytotoxic assays, some compounds have demonstrated moderate inhibitory potentials.
28000516|a|PURPOSE: To examine the developmental course of labial and alveolar manner of articulation contrasts, and to determine how that course may be different for typically developing (TD) children with cochlear implants (CI). METHOD: Eight young adults, eight TD 5-8 year-old children, and seven 5-8 year-old children with CIs participated. Labial /ba/-/wa/ and alveolar /da/-/ja/ continua stimuli were presented, with each continuum consisting of nine synthetic stimuli varying in F2 and F3 transition duration. Participants were asked to label the stimuli as either a stop or glide, and responses were analysed for phonetic boundaries and slopes. RESULT: For the /ba/-/wa/ contrast, children with CIs required longer transition durations compared to TD children or adults to cross from one phoneme category to another. The children with CIs demonstrated less confidence in labelling the stimuli (i.e. less steep slopes) than the TD children or the adults. For the /da/-/ja/ contrast, the children with CIs showed less steep slope values than adults. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that there are differences in the way TD children and children with CIs develop and maintain phonetic categories, perhaps differences in phonetic representation or in linking acoustic and phonetic representations.
28000517|a|OBJECTIVES: A natural experimental design was coupled with propensity score matching to assess the risks of anxiety and depression and to assess the longitudinal effects of anxiety and depression on healthcare utilisation and mortality in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) patients. METHODS: This nationwide population-based cohort study retrospectively analysed 7304 patients treated for HCC during 1996-2010. Generalised estimating equations were used to estimate differences-in-differences models for examining the effects of anxiety and depression disorders. RESULTS: Independent risk factors for anxiety and depression in the HCC patients were female gender (hazard ratio (HR) 1.45; P   <   0.001), Charlson co-morbidity index score (HR 1.12; P   =   0.005), and liver cirrhosis (HR 1.35; P   =   0.004). Anxiety and depression (differences-in-differences value) had a significant (P   <   0.001) positive net effect on number of physician visits. Furthermore, the mean overall survival time was 83.4 months (SD 5.4 months) in the anxiety/depression group and 65.4 months (SD 4.8 months) in the non-disorder group. Additionally, the overall survival rate was significantly higher in the anxiety/depression group compared to the non-disorder group during the study period (P   =   0.003). CONCLUSIONS: Anxiety disorders and depression disorders are associated with a significantly increased overall survival rate in HCC patients. However, further studies are needed to investigate this association.
28000518|a|UNASSIGNED: Artemisinin, isolated from the Chinese plant Artemisia annua, has been used for many years to treat different forms of malarial parasites. In this study, we explored the anti-inflammatory activity of artemisinin and the underlying mechanism of this action. We demonstrated that the anti-inflammatory effects of artemisinin in TPA-induced skin inflammation in mice. Then the artemisinin significantly inhibited the expression of NF-kB reporter gene induced by TNF-a in a dose-dependent manner. Artemisinin also inhibited TNF-a induced phosphorylation and degradation of IkBa, p65 nuclear translocation. Artemisinin also has an impact on upstream signaling of IKK through the inhibition of expression of adaptor proteins, TNF receptor-associated factor 2 (TRAF2) and receptor interacting protein 1 (RIP1). Furthermore, pretreatment of cells with artemisinin prevented the TNF-a-induced expression of NF-kB target genes, such as anti-apoptosis (c-IAP1, Bcl-2, and FLIP), proliferation (COX-2, cyclinD1), invasion (MMP-9), angiogenesis (VEGF), and major inflammatory cytokines (TNF-a, iNOS, and MCP1). We also proved that artemisinin potentiated TNF-a-induced apoptosis. Moreover, artemisinin significantly impaired the ROS production and phosphorylation of p38 and ERK, but did not affect the phosphorylation of JNK. Taken together, artemisinin may be a potentially useful therapeutic agent for inflammatory-related diseases.
28000520|a|INTRODUCTION: Small bowel villous atrophy can represent a diagnostic challenge for gastroenterologists and pathologists. In Western countries small bowel atrophy and mild non-atrophic alterations are frequently caused by celiac disease. However, other pathology can mimic celiac disease microscopically, widening the differential diagnosis. The several novelties on this topic and the introduction of the device-assisted enteroscopy in the diagnostic flowchart make an update of the literature necessary. Areas covered: In this review, a description of the different clinical scenarios when facing with small bowel mucosal damage, particularly small bowel atrophy, is described. The published literature on this subject has been summarized and reviewed. Expert commentary: When an intestinal mucosal alteration is histologically demonstrated, the pathology report forms part of a more complex workup including serological data, clinical presentation and clinical history. A multidisciplinary team, including pathologists and enteroscopy-devoted endoscopists, is frequently required to manage patients with small bowel alterations, especially in cases of severe malabsorption syndrome.
28000521|a|PURPOSE: Exposure to radiation causes severe alterations of protein expression level inside the cell, thus it may influence the biological events and stress response. In the present investigation, we have demonstrated the effect of radiation on mice lung tissues. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Two-dimensional gel electrophoresis (2-DE) coupled with MALDI-TOF/TOF was used to check the expression changes in lung proteome profile of strain 'A' female mice after exposure to lethal doses of gamma irradiation at different time periods (24 and 48   h). Identified proteins were analysed for their altered expression and were further validated by Western blotting and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). RESULTS: Nine significant differentially expressed proteins were identified from irradiated lungs tissues. The expression level of zinc finger protein was found to be up regulated at 24   h irradiation in comparison to 48   h irradiation. CONCLUSIONS: Zinc finger protein may be considered as a radiation responsive protein. Alteration in its expression pattern may primarily affect binding specificity of the protein that can further result in the interference in transcriptional control of multiple stress responsive genes.
28000522|a|Dysregulation of the type I interferon (IFN) system is associated with various immunologic diseases, such as systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Targeting this dysregulation presents an attractive approach for SLE therapy. Sifalimumab, a fully human immunoglobulin G1 k monoclonal antibody that binds to and neutralizes most IFN-a subtypes, has been recently evaluated in a Phase IIb study in patients with moderate to severe SLE. Insights gained from earlier studies were used to inform design of the Phase IIb study, to provide a more comprehensive evaluation of sifalimumab. Sifalimumab demonstrated broad efficacy across composite and organ-specific end points, suggesting that targeting of IFN-a is a promising treatment option for SLE, particularly for those patients whose disease is refractory to current standard of care.
28000536|a|The choice of immunotherapy in the treatment of cancer has improved the prognosis of many patients affected by various malignancies. The high expectations foreseen with immunotherapy have led to fast approvals despite the incomplete understanding of the toxicity profiles in the different organs, including the kidneys. The high prevalence of chronic kidney disease in cancer patients complicates the issue further and requires a better knowledge of the renal safety profile to ensure an optimal safe treatment. This review summarizes the present knowledge of renal adverse events secondary to immune checkpoint inhibitors and discusses their pathophysiology, clinical presentation and adequate management. We also advocate the need for a multidisciplinary approach in patients with immune-related toxic adverse events.
28000537|a|Immune checkpoint inhibitors such as anti-CTLA-4 and anti-PD-1/PD-L1 monoclonal antibodies have dramatically changed the paradigm of cancer therapy over the past few years. The use of these agents is associated with a unique pattern of autoimmune-like/inflammatory side effects termed immune-related adverse events (irAEs), that may cause collateral damage to normal tissues. Although severe irAEs remain rare, they can become life-threatening if not anticipated and managed appropriately. Improving our knowledge of the mechanisms underlying the development of these toxicities is crucial to optimize clinical efficacy and safety of these new immunotherapeutics. Herein we describe for the first time the pathological features of a severe liver-injury associated with the administration of the anti-PD-1 agent nivolumab in a patient with glioblastoma.
28000538|a|Mesenchymal stromal cells (MSC) are connective tissue progenitor cells with interesting immunoregulatory properties and are currently being assessed as cellular therapeutics in a variety of clinical applications. While bone marrow has been the traditional source, adipose tissue and umbilical cord are being used increasingly to generate MSC for therapeutic use as an allogeneic, off-the-shelf product. Although the means by which MSC home to sites of inflammation or tissue damage and exert their beneficial effects remain to be fully elucidated, they have recently been shown to adsorb a number of immunosuppressive and anticancer drugs that may further enhance their therapeutic potential.
28000539|a|BACKGROUND: Royal College of Physicians guidelines on PDOC recommended repeated assessments of patients in PDOC are undertaken by skilled clinicians. The Wessex Head Injury Matrix (WHIM) and the Sensory Modality Assessment and Rehabilitation Technique (SMART) are the most commonly used measures within UK. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the use of WHIM and SMART to identify potential changes in PDOC patients. METHODS: Twelve PDOC patients admitted to a post-acute regional neuro-rehabilitation unit were assessed using WHIM and SMART. Eight of 12 patients were diagnosed with a primary hypoxic ischemic brain injury (HIBI). RESULTS: Overall for the total group there was no significant correlation between patient's highest ranked behaviour and any SMART domain. Initial WHIM total observed behaviour was significantly correlated with SMART tactile domain. Patient's final WHIM and SMART domains were not significantly correlated. Among HIBI subgroup, initial WHIM highest ranked behaviour and WHIM total observed behaviour were significantly correlated with the SMART communication domain. Final WHIM highest ranked behaviour was positively correlated with SMART visual and tactile domains. Final WHIM total observed behaviour was significantly correlated with the SMART visual domain. CONCLUSIONS: Both measures show sensitivity to change in PDOC patients. Larger long-term follow-up of HIBI patients is highlighted.
28000555|a|BACKGROUND: Propolis has been used as a natural health product mainly due to the presence of polyphenols, flavonoids, phenolic aldehydes, amino acids, vitamins and others bioactive constituents. To this natural substance are attributed different biological and pharmacological properties which are influenced by its chemical composition and organoleptic properties. The aim of this work was to evaluate the physicochemical properties and parameters of green propolis collected during a period of six years (2008-2013) in the state of Minas Gerais, located at the southeastern region of Brazil. METHODS: The methodology were in accordance with Brazilian legislation on the identity and quality standards of propolis. The evaluated parameters of hydroalcoholic from green propolis were total flavonoids, antioxidant activity - DPPH method, oxidation index, wax content, humidity and insoluble impurities. RESULTS: Propolis samples collected in different seasons during the years 2008 to 2013 presented mean values of total flavonoids (3.4    0.11 mg/g), antioxidant activity DPPH (4.76    0.16  g/mL), oxidation index (3, 4    0.33 seconds) and wax (15.14    0.78% m/m), which are in accordance with Brazilian legislation. CONCLUSION: Green propolis did not show abrupt seasonal changes during the six years of investigation, and may be considered as an adequate functional ingredient.
28000563|a|UNASSIGNED: Identifying novel bio markers in gastro intestinal disease is a promising method where a comprehensive analysis of the metabolome is performed. Metabolomics has evolved enormously in the past decade, paving a path in gastro intestinal disease research, especially diseases which lead to high morbidity and mortality. Metabolomics involves identifying metabolites such as anti-oxidants, and amino acids etc., which are screened in the urine, feces and tissue samples. Certain cases employ advanced tools like GC-MS, 1HNMR and GC-MS/SPME which reveal valuable information concerning disease severity and differentiation. In light of escalating health care costs and risky invasive procedures, metabolomics can be chosen as a safe yet precise method for screening diseases like ulcerative colitis, Crohns' disease, celiac disease, and gastro intestinal cancers. The present review focuses on major advancements in gastro intestinal metabolomics, giving attention to which parameters are assessed, and to recent changes in metabolite analysis.
28000566|a|UNASSIGNED: The disturbance of consciousness is one of the most common symptoms of those have alcoholism and may cause disability and mortality. Previous studies indicated that several single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) increase the susceptibility of alcoholism. In this study, we utilized the Ensemble Bayesian Network (EBN) method to identify causal SNPs of alcoholism based on the verified GAW14 data. Thirteen out of eighteen SNPs directly connected with alcoholism were found concordance with potential risk regions of alcoholism in OMIM database. As a number of SNPs were found contributing to alteration on gene expression, known as expression quantitative trait loci (eQTLs), we further sought to identify chemical compounds acting as regulators of alcoholism genes captured by causal SNPs. Chloroprene and valproic acid were identified as the expression regulators for genes C11orf66 and SALL3 which were captured by alcoholism SNPs, respectively.
28000568|a|Bioactive peptides from plants are an underexplored domain in the field of proteomics and peptidomics. Recent evidences of plant peptides being more than chemical signals and indeed, functioning in the responses of plants to diverse environmental cues such as stress and infection by pathogens, suggests their potentially wide applicability in agrochemical and pharmaceutical industries. With cutting-edge technologies available, studies on plant peptides still lag behind those from food or microorganisms. The current mini-review provides an overview of the major bioactivity documented of plant-based peptides. It further underlines the techniques associated with isolation and identification of peptides, the limitations associated with these techniques and the '-omics' revolution that is playing a major part in better understanding of these peptides.
28000569|a|The aim of this study was to evaluate the antimicrobial activity of meat protein-derived peptides against selected Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. The in silico and in vitro approach was combined to determine the potency of antimicrobial peptides derived from pig (Sus scrofa) and cow (Bos taurus) proteins. The in silico studies consisted of an analysis of the amino acid composition of peptides obtained from the CAMPR database, their molecular weight and other physicochemical properties (isoelectric point, molar extinction coefficient, instability index, aliphatic index, hydropathy index and net charge). The degree of similarity was estimated between the antimicrobial peptide sequences derived from the slaughtered animals and the main meat proteins. Antimicrobial activity of peptides isolated from dry-cured meat products was analysed (in vitro) against two strains of pathogenic bacteria using the disc diffusion method. There was no evidence of growthinhibitory properties of peptides isolated from dry-cured meat products against Escherichia coli K12 ATCC 10798 and Staphylococcus aureus ATCC 25923.
28000573|a|Biosimilars of more complex recombinant protein drugs, such as monoclonal antibodies and fusion proteins, are entering the market. The manufacturer should demonstrate that its product does not show any relevant differences in terms of quality characteristics, biological activity, safety and efficacy compared to the reference product, as outlined in EMA guidelines. This should be established with an extensive comparability exercise. One aspect that is subject to particular scrutiny is the immunogenicity of the biosimilar and the reference medicinal product. For three cases, one etanercept and two infliximab biosimilars, we describe how data are assessed and an opinion is reached by authorities. Not in all cases unanimity exists whether all remaining uncertainties on biosimilarity have been resolved satisfactorily before marketing authorisation. The Dutch Medicines Evaluation Board therefore emphasises that even after marketing authorisation, biosimilars and other biologicals should be properly monitored.
28000574|a|In the Netherlands, the application of post-mortem radiology (virtual autopsy) is on the rise. Contrary to conventional autopsy, with post-mortem radiology the body remains intact. There is uncertainty concerning the legal admissibility of post-mortem radiology, since the Dutch Corpse Disposal Act does not contain any specific regulations for this technique. Autopsy and post-mortem radiology differ significantly from a technical aspect, but these differences do not have far-reaching legal consequences from a legal perspective. Even though the body remains intact during post-mortem radiology, the bodily integrity of a deceased person is breached if it would be applied without previously obtained consent. This permission can only be obtained after the relatives are fully informed about the proposed activity. In this respect, it is not relevant which technique is used, be it post-mortem radiology or autopsy. Therefore, the other legal conditions for post-mortem radiology are essentially identical to those for autopsy.
28000575|a|OBJECTIVE: Gaining insight into key figures of emergency departments (EDs) in the Netherlands and developments in these figures. DESIGN: Longitudinal survey study. METHOD: Over the period from 2012 up to and including 2015, the following key data were surveyed: number of EDs, number of ED patients, ED patients' origin, number of hospital admissions from the ED and form of cooperation between ED and a general practitioner centre (GPC). RESULTS: An average of 96% of all EDs responded. The number of EDs decreased from 93 to 87. The percentage of EDs that maintained a form of cooperation with a GPC in the hospital rose from 49% to 79%. The total number of patients seen annually in an ED in the Netherlands decreased by 128,000 to 1.951 million. The proportion of patients presenting in the ED via ambulance, mobile medical team or 112 (emergency number) increased by 2.6% to 16.0%. The proportion of patients referred from their own GP or GPCs increased by 7.8% to an average of 50.3%. The proportion of self-referrals decreased by 12.6% to 17.4%. The proportion of patients who came up to the ED through a different route remained constant at around 14%. The nationwide variation in the origin of patients remained high. The average percentage of hospital admissions from the ED increased by 5.6% to 37.2%. CONCLUSION: The number of EDs is decreasing and the cooperation between EDs and GPCs has intensified. The number of patients seen in the ED has decreased. The percentage of self-referrals has decreased and the number of hospital admissions from the ED has increased significantly. For a successful and consistent policy, more substantive data on the nature and extent of emergency care in the ED are needed. This requires a national registry.
28000576|a|This article describes the role of power in the world of biomedical research. On the basis of some examples, I intend to demonstrate the influence of power, or its misuse, on PhD students and supervisors, and how this may have a negative effect on the research of PhD students. I will then outline how the biomedical research field can prevent these practices, and how it can create a better and more inspiring atmosphere for young, enthusiastic and talented researchers.
28000583|a|SETTING: Tuberculosis (TB) clinic, Douala Laquintinie Hospital, Douala, Cameroon. OBJECTIVE: To describe the clinical characteristics of TB and to investigate predictors of poor treatment outcomes. DESIGN: A registry-based, retrospective cohort study of all TB cases recorded from 2007 to 2013 was conducted. Multinomial logistic regression models were used to identify predictors of poor outcomes. RESULTS: Of 8902 TB cases included, 5110 (57.4%) were males. The median age was 33 years. The prevalence of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection was 37.6%, with a significant decline over the study years (P = 0.000). The main clinical form of TB was smear-positive TB (50.5%). The treatment success rate was 75.2%, while the mortality rate was 8.1%. The year of TB diagnosis, retreatment cases, sputum non-conversion at the end of month 2, HIV infection and HIV testing not done were associated with death. Retreatment and non-conversion of sputum were associated with treatment failure, while male sex, age, sputum non-conversion, HIV infection and HIV testing not done were associated with loss to follow-up. CONCLUSION: TB management objectives may be attained by focusing specifically on higher risk groups to prevent poor treatment outcomes.
28000584|a|SETTING: The utility of interferon-gamma release assays (IGRAs), such as the QuantiFERON  -TB Gold In-Tube (QFT-GIT) test, in diagnosing active tuberculosis (TB) in children is unclear and depends on the epidemiological setting. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the performance of QFT-GIT for TB diagnosis in children living in Morocco, an intermediate TB incidence country with high bacille Calmette-Gu  rin vaccination coverage. DESIGN: We prospectively recruited 109 Moroccan children hospitalised for clinically suspected TB, all of whom were tested using QFT-GIT. RESULTS: For 81 of the 109 children, the final diagnosis was TB. The remaining 28 children did not have TB. QFT-GIT had a sensitivity of 66% (95%CI 52-77) for the diagnosis of TB, and a specificity of 100% (95%CI 88-100). The tuberculin skin test (TST) had lower sensitivity, at 46% (95%CI 33-60), and its concordance with QFT-GIT was limited (69%). Combining QFT-GIT and TST results increased sensitivity to 83% (95%CI 69-92). CONCLUSION: In epidemiological settings such as those found in Morocco, QFT-GIT is more sensitive than the TST for active TB diagnosis in children. Combining the TST and QFT-GIT would be useful for the diagnosis of active TB in children, in combination with clinical, radiological and laboratory data.
28000587|a|We performed a prospective clinical audit in hospitalised patients with suspected pulmonary tuberculosis (PTB) with the objective of evaluating the accuracy and clinical utility of Xpert   MTB/RIF in induced sputum in an intermediate-burden setting. Of 450 patients audited, 61 (13.6%) were diagnosed with PTB based on positive culture. The sensitivity, specificity and positive and negative predictive values for Xpert in smear-negative cases for induced sputum were respectively 75%, 99.5%, 94.7% and 97.0%. Xpert in induced sputum may facilitate diagnostic yield and expedite treatment in up to a quarter of PTB patients.
28000588|a|SETTING: Mexico City, Mexico. OBJECTIVE: To identify proteins synthetised by Mycobacterium tuberculosis in hypoxic culture, which resemble more closely a granuloma environment than aerobic culture, and to determine if they are recognised by antibodies from patients with active pulmonary tuberculosis (PTB). DESIGN: Soluble extracts from M. tuberculosis H37Rv cultured under aerobic or hypoxic conditions were analysed using two-dimensional polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis, and proteins over-expressed under hypoxia were identified by mass spectrometry. The presence of immunoglobulin (Ig) G, IgA and IgM antibodies against these proteins was determined in the serum of 42 patients with active PTB and 42 healthy controls. RESULTS: We selected three M. tuberculosis H37Rv proteins (alpha-crystallin protein [Acr, Rv2031c], universal stress protein Rv2623 and isocitrate lyase [ICL, RV0467]) that were over-expressed under hypoxia. Titres of anti-Acr and anti-ICL IgA antibodies were higher in patients than in healthy controls, with an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.71 for anti-ICL IgA antibodies. CONCLUSION: ICL could be used in combination with other M. tuberculosis antigens to improve the sensitivity and specificity of current serological TB diagnostic methods.
28000589|a|
28000597|a|
28000598|a|
28000599|a|
28000608|a|UNASSIGNED: The phenomenon of CP violation is crucial to understand the asymmetry between matter and antimatter that exists in the Universe. Dramatic experimental progress has been made, in particular in measurements of the behaviour of particles containing the b quark, where CP violation effects are predicted by the Kobayashi-Maskawa mechanism that is embedded in the Standard Model. The status of these measurements and future prospects for an understanding of CP violation beyond the Standard Model are reviewed.
28000609|a|UNASSIGNED: Study of breast cancer metastasis is limited due to poor knowledge in molecular progression of breast tumor and varied heterogeneity. For better understanding of tumor metastasis, a reliable 3D <i>in vitro</i> model bridging the gap between 2D cultures and <i>in vivo</i> animal model studies is highly needed. Our study is focused on two keypoints (i) designing a 3D microenvironment for studying metastasis and (ii) simulating the metastasis milieu by inducing epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT) and mesenchymal to epithelial transition (MET). Electrospun gelatin nanofiber matrix (EGNF) was fabricated using electrospinning and further dip coated with different concentration of collagen to obtain surface complexity and mechanical properties, similar to connective tissues. Nanofiber matrices were physically characterized by fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR), atomic force microscopy (AFM) and field emission scanning electron microscopy (FESEM). FTIR, AFM and FESEM results indicated the crosslinking and confirmed the presence of pores in the nanofiber matrices. Comparative studies on biocompatibility, cell attachment and proliferation of MCF-7 cells on EGNF and CCGM revealed higher cellular attachment and proliferation in CCGM. Collagen coated gelatin nanofibrous matrix (CCGM) with human metastatic breast cancer cell line (MCF-7) was taken to study breast cancer metastasis using estrogen (induces EMT) and progesterone (induces MET) hormones for 24 h. Quantitative Real-Time PCR (qRT-PCR) was used for quantifying the expression of metastasis related genes, and fluorescence microscopy for verifying the invasion of cells to the matrices. Expression of E-Cadherin (ECAD) and Matrixmetalloprotease-2 (MMP 2) confirmed the occurrence of EMT and MET. Live cell imaging and cellular attachment showed significant increase of cellular invasion in crosslinked 0.15% CCGM that performs as suitable nontoxic, biocompatible and affordable scaffold for studying breast cancer metastasis. Our findings suggested that CCGM can be used as a tissue-like 3D model for studying breast cancer metastatic events <i>in vitro</i>.
28000613|a|UNASSIGNED: Positron emission tomography (PET) detectors with the ability to encode depth-of-interaction (DOI) information allow us to simultaneously improve the spatial resolution and sensitivity of PET scanners. In this study, we propose a DOI PET detector based on a stair-pattern reflector arrangement inserted between pixelated crystals and a single-ended scintillation light readout. The main advantage of the proposed method is its simplicity; DOI information is decoded from a flood map and the data can be simply acquired by using a single-ended readout system. Another potential advantage is that the two-step DOI detectors can provide the largest peak position distance in a flood map because two-dimensional peak positions can be evenly distributed. We conducted a Monte Carlo simulation and obtained flood maps. Then, we conducted experimental studies using two-step DOI arrays of 5      *      5 Lu1.9Y0.1SiO5:Ce crystals with a cross-section of 1.7      *      1.7   mm(2) and different detector configurations: an unpolished single-layer (US) array, a polished single-layer (PS) array and a polished stacked two-layer (PT) array. For each detector configuration, both air gaps and room-temperature vulcanization (RTV) silicone gaps were tested. Detectors US and PT showed good peak separation in each scintillator with an average peak-to-valley ratio (PVR) and distance-to-width ratio (DWR) of 2.09 and 1.53, respectively. Detector PSRTV showed lower PVR and DWR (1.65 and 1.34, respectively). The configuration of detector PTAir is preferable for the construction of time-of-flight-DOI detectors because timing resolution was degraded by only about 40   ps compared with that of a non-DOI detector. The performance of detectors USAir and PSRTV was lower than that of a non-DOI detector, and thus these designs are favorable when the manufacturing cost is more important than timing performance. The results demonstrate that the proposed DOI-encoding method is a promising candidate for PET scanners that require high resolution and sensitivity and operate with conventional acquisition systems.
28000614|a|UNASSIGNED: High hydrogen content and long-term stability in aqueous solutions make ammonia-borane (AB) a promising hydrogen-storage material. It is highly attractive but still challenging to develop efficient catalysts for real-time and controllable hydrogen release from AB solution under mild conditions. Herein, we describe the use of a three-dimensional hierarchical Cu(OH)2@Co2CO3(OH)2 core-shell nanowire array on copper foam (denoted as Cu(OH)2@Co2CO3(OH)2/CF) as a highly efficient catalyst for hydrolytic dehydrogenation of AB. The Cu(OH)2@Co2CO3(OH)2/CF works as an on/off switch for on-demand hydrogen generation with a low activation energy of 44.3 KJ mol(-1) and a turnover frequency of 39.72 mol(H2)/mol(cat.)/min. It also maintains activity and integration after long-term usage.
28000615|a|It is hypothesized that butterfly wing scale geometry and surface patterning may function to improve aerodynamic efficiency. In order to investigate this hypothesis, a method to measure butterfly flapping kinematics optically over long uninhibited flapping sequences was developed. Statistical results for the climbing flight flapping kinematics of 11 butterflies, based on a total of 236 individual flights, both with and without their wing scales, are presented. Results show, that for each of the 11 butterflies, the mean climbing efficiency decreased after scales were removed. Data was reduced to a single set of differences of climbing efficiency using are paired t-test. Results show a mean decrease in climbing efficiency of 32.2% occurred with a 95% confidence interval of 45.6%-18.8%. Similar analysis showed that the flapping amplitude decreased by 7% while the flapping frequency did not show a significant difference. Results provide strong evidence that butterfly wing scale geometry and surface patterning improve butterfly climbing efficiency. The authors hypothesize that the wing scale's effect in measured climbing efficiency may be due to an improved aerodynamic efficiency of the butterfly and could similarly be used on flapping wing micro air vehicles to potentially achieve similar gains in efficiency.
28000616|a|OBJECTIVE: Extraction of information from the peripheral nervous system can provide control signals in neuroprosthetic applications. However, the ability to selectively record from different pathways within peripheral nerves is limited. We investigated the integration of spatial and temporal information for pathway discrimination in peripheral nerves using measurements from a multi-contact nerve cuff electrode. APPROACH: Spatiotemporal templates were established for different neural pathways of interest, and used to obtain tailored matched filters for each of these pathways. Simulated measurements of compound action potentials propagating through the nerve in different test cases were used to evaluate classification accuracy, percentage of missed spikes, and ability to reconstruct the original firing rates of the neural pathways. MAIN RESULTS: The mean Pearson correlation coefficients between the original firing rates and estimated firing rates over all tests cases was found to be 0.832              0.161, 0.421              0.145, 0.481              0.340 for our algorithm, Bayesian spatial filters, and velocity selective recordings respectively. SIGNIFICANCE: The proposed method shows that the spatiotemporal templates were able to provide more robust spike detection and reliable pathway discrimination than these existing algorithms.
28000617|a|Macrophages are excellent imaging targets for detecting atherosclerotic plaques as they are involved in all the developmental stages of atherosclerosis. However, no imaging technique is currently capable of visualizing macrophages inside blood vessel walls. The current study develops an intravascular ultrasonic-photoacoustic (IVUP) imaging system combined with indocyanine green (ICG) as a contrast agent to provide morphological and compositional information about the targeted samples. Both tissue-mimicking vessel phantoms and atherosclerotic plaque-mimicking porcine arterial tissues are used to demonstrate the feasibility of mapping macrophages labeled with ICG by endoscopically applying the proposed hybrid technique. A delay pulse triggering technique is able to sequentially acquire photoacoustic (PA) and ultrasound (US) signals from a single scan without using any external devices. The acquired PA and US signals are used to reconstruct 2D cross-sectional and 3D volumetric images of the entire tissue with the ICG-loaded macrophages injected. Due to high imaging contrast and sensitivity, the IVUP imaging vividly reveals structural information and detects the spatial distribution of the ICG-labeled macrophages inside the samples. ICG-assisted IVUP imaging can be a feasible imaging modality for the endoscopic detection of atherosclerotic plaques.
28000619|a|The checkerboard lattice, with alternating 'crossed' plaquettes, serves as the two dimensional analog of the pyrochlore lattice. The corner sharing plaquette structure leads to a hugely degenerate ground state, and no magnetic order, for classical spins with short range antiferromagnetic interaction. For the half-filled Hubbard model on this structure, however, we find that the Mott insulating phase involves virtual electronic processes that generate longer range and multispin couplings. These couplings lift the degeneracy, selecting a 'flux like' state in the Mott insulator. Increasing temperature leads, strangely, to a sharp crossover from this state to a '120 degree' correlated state and then a paramagnet. Decrease in the Hubbard repulsion drives the system towards an insulator-metal transition-the moments reduce, and a spin disordered state wins over the flux state. Near the insulator-metal transition the electron system displays a pseudogap extending over a large temperature window.
28000622|a|Based on the tight-binding model and dual-probe scanning tunneling microscopy technology, we theoretically investigate the electronic structure and local property in the passivated AA-stacked bilayer armchair-edge graphene nanoribbons (AABLAGNRs). We show that they are highly sensitive to the size of the ribbons, which is evidently different from the single-layer armchair-edge graphene nanoribbons. The '3p' rule only applies to the narrow AABLGNRs. Namely, in the passivated 3p- and (3p      +      1)-AABLGNRs, the narrow ribbons are semiconducting while the medium and wide ribbons are metallic. Although the passivated (3p      +      2)-AABLGNRs are metallic, the '3j' rule only applies to the narrow and medium ribbons. Namely, electrons are in the semiconducting states at sites of line 3j while they are in the metallic states at other sites. This induces a series of parallel and discrete metallic channels, consisting of lines 3j      -      1 and 3j      -      2, for the low-energy electronic transports. In the passivated wide (3p      +      2)-AABLGNRs, all electrons are in the metallic states. Additionally, the '3p' and '3j' rules are controllable to disappear and reappear by applying an external perpendicular electric field. Resultantly, an electric filed-driven current switch can be realized in the passivated narrow and medium (3p      +      2)-AABLGNRs.
28000623|a|Ultrasound and magnetic resonance elastography techniques are used to assess mechanical properties of soft tissues. Tissue stiffness is related to various pathologies such as fibrosis, loss of compliance, and cancer. One way to perform elastography is measuring shear wave velocity of propagating waves in tissue induced by intrinsic motion or an external source of vibration, and relating the shear wave velocity to tissue elasticity. All tissues are inherently viscoelastic and ignoring viscosity biases the velocity-based estimates of elasticity and ignores a potentially important parameter of tissue health. We present attenuation measuring ultrasound shearwave elastography (AMUSE), a technique that independently measures both shear wave velocity and attenuation in tissue and therefore allows characterization of viscoelasticity without using a rheological model. The theoretical basis for AMUSE is first derived and validated in finite element simulations. AMUSE is validated against the traditional methods for assessing shear wave velocity (phase gradient) and attenuation (amplitude decay) in tissue mimicking phantoms and excised tissue. The results agreed within one standard deviation. AMUSE was used to measure shear wave velocity and attenuation in 15 transplanted livers in patients with potential acute rejection, and the results were compared with the biopsy findings in a preliminary study. The comparison showed excellent agreement and suggests that AMUSE can be used to separate transplanted livers with acute rejection from livers with no rejection.
28000624|a|This work presents a novel approach of using natural plant leaf surfaces having intricate hierarchical structures as scaffolds for Pd nanoparticles and demonstrated it as a Green dip catalyst for Suzuki-Miyaura coupling reactions in water. The influence of the topographical texture of the plant leaves on the deposition and catalytic properties of Pd nanoparticles are presented and discussed. The catalytic activity can be correlated to the surface texture of the leaves, wherein it has been found that the micro/nanostructures present on the surface strongly influence the assembly and entrapment of the nanoparticles, and thereby control aggregation and leaching of the catalysts. This approach can provide insights for the future design and fabrication of bioinspired supports for catalysis, based on replication of leaf surfaces.
28000625|a|
28000631|a|UNASSIGNED: A 71-year-old female was diagnosed with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). The tumor measured 65 mm in diameter and was located in the caudate lobe. Transarterial chemoembolization (TACE) was performed repeatedly; however, a follow-up dynamic computed tomography (CT) scan showed that the tumor remained viable. Thus, TACE was performed using drug-eluting beads that had been preloaded with epirubicin. Contrast-enhanced endoscopic ultrasonography (CE-EUS) was conducted for evaluating the treatment effects. First, we detected the internal part of the tumor. Then, a perflubutane suspension was injected intravenously. Next, CE-EUS was performed for the external ventral part of the tumor in the same manner. The perflubutane flowed into the tumor and spread into both its internal and external ventral regions. Thus, we considered that the tumor was still viable and planned to carry out TACE again. CE-EUS could be a useful tool for evaluating the treatment effects of TACE on HCC deep inside the liver.
28000660|a|UNASSIGNED: Type I modular polyketide synthases assemble diverse bioactive natural products. Such multienzymes typically use malonyl and methylmalonyl-CoA building blocks for polyketide chain assembly. However, in several cases more exotic alkylmalonyl-CoA extender units are also known to be incorporated. In all examples studied to date, such unusual extender units are biosynthesized via reductive carboxylation of a, b-unsaturated thioesters catalysed by crotonyl-CoA reductase/carboxylase (CCRC) homologues. Here we show using a chemically-synthesized deuterium-labelled mechanistic probe, and heterologous gene expression experiments that the unusual alkylmalonyl-CoA extender units incorporated into the stambomycin family of polyketide antibiotics are assembled by direct carboxylation of medium chain acyl-CoA thioesters. X-ray crystal structures of the unusual b-subunit of the acyl-CoA carboxylase (YCC) responsible for this reaction, alone and in complex with hexanoyl-CoA, reveal the molecular basis for substrate recognition, inspiring the development of methodology for polyketide bio-orthogonal tagging via incorporation of 6-azidohexanoic acid and 8-nonynoic acid into novel stambomycin analogues.
28000669|a|UNASSIGNED: Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is a leading cause of infant hospitalization and there remains no pediatric vaccine. RSV live-attenuated vaccines (LAVs) have a history of safe testing in infants; however, achieving an effective balance of attenuation and immunogenicity has proven challenging. Here we seek to engineer an RSV LAV with enhanced immunogenicity. Genetic mapping identifies strain line 19 fusion (F) protein residues that correlate with pre-fusion antigen maintenance by ELISA and thermal stability of infectivity in live RSV. We generate a LAV candidate named OE4 which expresses line 19F and is attenuated by codon-deoptimization of non-structural (NS1 and NS2) genes, deletion of the small hydrophobic (SH) gene, codon-deoptimization of the attachment (G) gene and ablation of the secreted form of G. OE4 (RSV-A2-dNS1-dNS2-  SH-dGm-Gsnull-line19F) exhibits elevated pre-fusion antigen levels, thermal stability, immunogenicity, and efficacy despite heavy attenuation in the upper and lower airways of cotton rats.
28000674|a|UNASSIGNED: It is usually considered that the spectrum of an optical cavity coupled to an atomic medium does not exhibit a normal-mode splitting unless the system satisfies the strong coupling condition, meaning the Rabi frequency of the coherent coupling exceeds the decay rates of atom and cavity excitations. Here we show that this need not be the case, but depends on the way in which the coupled system is probed. Measurements of the reflection of a probe laser from the input mirror of an overdamped cavity reveal an avoided crossing in the spectrum that is not observed when driving the atoms directly and measuring the Purcell-enhanced cavity emission. We understand these observations by noting a formal correspondence with electromagnetically induced transparency of a three-level atom in free space, where our cavity acts as the absorbing medium and the coupled atoms play the role of the control field.
28000675|a|UNASSIGNED: An economic magnetic fusion reactor favours a high ratio of plasma kinetic pressure to magnetic pressure in a well-confined, hot plasma with low thermal losses across the confining magnetic field. Field-reversed configuration (FRC) plasmas are potentially attractive as a reactor concept, achieving high plasma pressure in a simple axisymmetric geometry. Here, we show that FRC plasmas have unique, beneficial microstability properties that differ from typical regimes in toroidal confinement devices. Ion-scale fluctuations are found to be absent or strongly suppressed in the plasma core, mainly due to the large FRC ion orbits, resulting in near-classical thermal ion confinement. In the surrounding boundary layer plasma, ion- and electron-scale turbulence is observed once a critical pressure gradient is exceeded. The critical gradient increases in the presence of sheared plasma flow induced via electrostatic biasing, opening the prospect of active boundary and transport control in view of reactor requirements.
28000676|a|UNASSIGNED: Materials that demonstrate long-range magnetic order are synonymous with information storage and the electronics industry, with the phenomenon commonly associated with metals, metal alloys or metal oxides and sulfides. A lesser known family of magnetically ordered complexes are the monometallic compounds of highly anisotropic d-block transition metals; the 'transformation' from isolated zero-dimensional molecule to ordered, spin-canted, three-dimensional lattice being the result of through-space interactions arising from the combination of large magnetic anisotropy and spin-delocalization from metal to ligand which induces important intermolecular contacts. Here we report the effect of pressure on two such mononuclear rhenium(IV) compounds that exhibit long-range magnetic order under ambient conditions via a spin canting mechanism, with Tc controlled by the strength of the intermolecular interactions. As these are determined by intermolecular distance, 'squeezing' the molecules closer together generates remarkable enhancements in ordering temperatures, with a linear dependence of Tc with pressure.
28000677|a|UNASSIGNED: Climate effects and human impacts, that is, nutrient enrichment, simultaneously drive spatial biodiversity patterns. However, there is little consensus about their independent effects on biodiversity. Here we manipulate nutrient enrichment in aquatic microcosms in subtropical and subarctic regions (China and Norway, respectively) to show clear segregation of bacterial species along temperature gradients, and decreasing alpha and gamma diversity toward higher nutrients. The temperature dependence of species richness is greatest at extreme nutrient levels, whereas the nutrient dependence of species richness is strongest at intermediate temperatures. For species turnover rates, temperature effects are strongest at intermediate and two extreme ends of nutrient gradients in subtropical and subarctic regions, respectively. Species turnover rates caused by nutrients do not increase toward higher temperatures. These findings illustrate direct effects of temperature and nutrients on biodiversity, and indirect effects via primary productivity, thus providing insights into how nutrient enrichment could alter biodiversity under future climate scenarios.
28000681|a|UNASSIGNED: The actin cytoskeleton is a key component in the machinery of eukaryotic cells, and it self-assembles out of equilibrium into a wide variety of biologically crucial structures. Although the molecular mechanisms involved are well characterized, the physical principles governing the spatial arrangement of actin filaments are not understood. Here we propose that the dynamics of actin network assembly from growing filaments results from a competition between diffusion, bundling and steric hindrance, and is responsible for the range of observed morphologies. Our model and simulations thus predict an abrupt dynamical transition between homogeneous and strongly bundled networks as a function of the actin polymerization rate. This suggests that cells may effect dramatic changes to their internal architecture through minute modifications of their nonequilibrium dynamics. Our results are consistent with available experimental data.
28000682|a|UNASSIGNED: Carbohydrates are one of the four main building blocks of life, and are categorized as monosaccharides (sugars), oligosaccharides and polysaccharides. Each sugar can exist in two alternative anomers (in which a hydroxy group at C-1 takes different orientations) and each pair of sugars can form different epimers (isomers around the stereocentres connecting the sugars). This leads to a vast combinatorial complexity, intractable to mass spectrometry and requiring large amounts of sample for NMR characterization. Combining measurements of collision cross section with mass spectrometry (IM-MS) helps, but many isomers are still difficult to separate. Here, we show that recognition tunnelling (RT) can classify many anomers and epimers via the current fluctuations they produce when captured in a tunnel junction functionalized with recognition molecules. Most importantly, RT is a nanoscale technique utilizing sub-picomole quantities of analyte. If integrated into a nanopore, RT would provide a unique approach to sequencing linear polysaccharides.
28000687|a|This study examined changes in recall accuracy for mobile phone calls over a long period. Japanese students' actual call statuses were monitored for 1 month using software-modified phones (SMPs). Three face-to-face interviews were conducted to obtain information regarding self-reported call status during the monitoring period: first interview: immediately after the monitoring period; second interview: after 10-12 months; third interview: after 48-55 months. Using the SMP records as the "gold standard", phone call recall accuracy was assessed for each interview. Data for 94 participants were analyzed. The number of calls made was underestimated considerably and the duration of calls was overestimated slightly in all interviews. Agreement between self-report and SMP records regarding the number of calls, duration of calls and laterality (i.e., use of the dominant ear while making calls) gradually deteriorated with the increase in the interval following the monitoring period (number of calls: first interview: Pearson's r=0.641, third interview: 0.396; duration of calls: first interview: Pearson's r=0.763, third interview: 0.356; laterality: first interview: weighted-k=0.677, third interview: 0.448). Thus, recall accuracy for mobile phone calls would be consistently imperfect over a long period, and the results of related epidemiological studies should be interpreted carefully.
28000688|a|UNASSIGNED: Although counter-intuitive features have been observed in non-Hermitian optical systems based on micrometre-sized cavities, the achievement of a simplified but unambiguous approach to enable the efficient access of exceptional points (EPs) and the phase transition to desired lasing modes remains a challenge, particularly in wavelength-scale coupled cavities. Here, we demonstrate coupled photonic-crystal (PhC) nanolasers with asymmetric optical gains, and observe the phase transition of lasing modes at EPs through tuning of the area of graphene cover on one PhC cavity and systematic scanning photoluminescence measurements. As the gain contrast between the two identical PhC cavities exceeds the intercavity coupling, the phase transition occurs from the bonding/anti-bonding lasing modes to the single-amplifying lasing mode, which is confirmed by the experimental measurement of the mode images and the theoretical modelling of coupled cavities with asymmetric gains. In addition, we demonstrate active tuning of EPs by controlling the optical loss of graphene through electrical gating.
28000695|a|Shared genetic aetiology may explain the co-occurrence of diseases in individuals more often than expected by chance. On identifying associated variants shared between two traits, one objective is to determine whether such overlap may be explained by specific genomic characteristics (eg, functional annotation). In clinical studies, inter-rater agreement approaches assess concordance among expert opinions on the presence/absence of a complex disease for each subject. We adapt a two-stage inter-rater agreement model to the genetic association setting to identify features predictive of overlap variants, while accounting for their marginal trait associations. The resulting corrected overlap and marginal enrichment test (COMET) also assesses enrichment at the individual trait level. Multiple categories may be tested simultaneously and the method is computationally efficient, not requiring permutations to assess significance. In an extensive simulation study, COMET identifies features predictive of enrichment with high power and has well-calibrated type I error. In contrast, testing for overlap with a single-trait enrichment test has inflated type I error. COMET is applied to three glycaemic traits using a set of functional annotation categories as predictors, followed by further analyses that focus on tissue-specific regulatory variants. The results support previous findings that regulatory variants in pancreatic islets are enriched for fasting glucose-associated variants, and give insight into differences/similarities between characteristics of variants associated with glycaemic traits. Also, despite regulatory variants in pancreatic islets being enriched for variants that are marginally associated with fasting glucose and fasting insulin, there is no enrichment of shared variants between the traits.
28000696|a|To analyze next-generation sequencing data, multivariate functional linear models are developed for a meta-analysis of multiple studies to connect genetic variant data to multiple quantitative traits adjusting for covariates. The goal is to take the advantage of both meta-analysis and pleiotropic analysis in order to improve power and to carry out a unified association analysis of multiple studies and multiple traits of complex disorders. Three types of approximate F -distributions based on Pillai-Bartlett trace, Hotelling-Lawley trace, and Wilks's Lambda are introduced to test for association between multiple quantitative traits and multiple genetic variants. Simulation analysis is performed to evaluate false-positive rates and power of the proposed tests. The proposed methods are applied to analyze lipid traits in eight European cohorts. It is shown that it is more advantageous to perform multivariate analysis than univariate analysis in general, and it is more advantageous to perform meta-analysis of multiple studies instead of analyzing the individual studies separately. The proposed models require individual observations. The value of the current paper can be seen at least for two reasons: (a) the proposed methods can be applied to studies that have individual genotype data; (b) the proposed methods can be used as a criterion for future work that uses summary statistics to build test statistics to meta-analyze the data.
28000697|a|Huntington disease (HD) is a dominant neurodegenerative disorder caused by a CAG repeat expansion in the Huntingtin (HTT) gene. HD occurs worldwide, but the causative mutation is found on different HTT haplotypes in distinct ethnic groups. In Latin America, HD is thought to have European origins, but indigenous Amerindian ancestry has not been investigated. Here, we report dense HTT haplotypes in 62 mestizo Peruvian HD families, 17 HD families from across Latin America, and 42 controls of defined Peruvian Amerindian ethnicity to determine the origin of HD in populations of admixed Amerindian and European descent. HD in Peru occurs most frequently on the A1 HTT haplotype (73%), as in Europe, but on an unexpected indigenous variant also found in Amerindian controls. This Amerindian A1 HTT haplotype predominates over the European A1 variant among geographically disparate Latin American controls and in HD families from across Latin America, supporting an indigenous origin of the HD mutation in mestizo American populations. We also show that a proportion of HD mutations in Peru occur on a C1 HTT haplotype of putative Amerindian origin (14%). The majority of HD mutations in Latin America may therefore occur on haplotypes of Amerindian ancestry rather than on haplotypes resulting from European admixture. Despite the distinct ethnic ancestry of Amerindian and European A1 HTT, alleles on the parent A1 HTT haplotype allow for development of identical antisense molecules to selectively silence the HD mutation in the greatest proportion of patients in both Latin American and European populations.
28000698|a|In sporadic cases, a post-zygotic mutational event signifies a somatic mosaicism in the affected child only, which implies that these mutations affect only a portion of the body. Therefore siblings do not need follow-up. On the other hand, a pre-zygotic mutation transmitted by an unaffected mosaic parent implies recurrent risks in offspring. To better estimate the contribution of pre- and post-zygotic events, we analysed 124 consecutive bilateral retinoblastoma probands, carrying a heterozygous RB1 pathogenic variant and their unaffected, non-carrier parents. In order to evaluate somatic mosaicism in blood, the deleterious RB1 pathogenic variant identified in the proband, was searched for in the unaffected parents, using targeted deep sequencing. Observed recurrences, which represent an estimation of germline and somatic mosaicisms, were recorded and computed in the sibships. Deep sequencing revealed one mosaic-unaffected parent out of 124 tested couples, which provides an estimation of the maximal risk of recurrence, due to parental mosaicism, at 0.4%. Follow-up in the sibships showed one recurrence, providing a maximal recurrence risk, due to parental mosaicism, at 0.8%. Two different statistical strategies led to close estimates (0.4 and 0.8% risks) which appeared 266-533-fold higher, as compared with the general population. These recurrence estimates could be considered when counselling couples with retinoblastoma or diseases with a high de novo mutation rate.
28000707|a|UNASSIGNED: This study aimed to assess whether repetitive intravitreal injections (IVI) of anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (anti-VEGF) cause sustained elevation of intraocular pressure (SE-IOP). We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis based on five randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing 1428 subjects and 17 non-RCTs evaluating 8358 cases. In the RCTs, an increased risk of SE-IOP was found in the anti-VEGF group (summary risk ratio [RR]   =   3.00, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.63-5.53) compared with the sham injection or laser group. The increased risk of SE-IOP was correlated with follow-up duration (RR   =   2.14, 95% CI 0.69-6.57 at 6 months; RR   =   3.15, 95% CI 0.99-10.09 at 12 months; RR   =   3.48, 95% CI 1.38-8.78 at 23 months). The risk of SE-IOP after non-exclusion of pre-existing glaucoma patients (RR   =   3.48, 95% CI 1.38-8.78) was higher than that obtained after excluding pre-existing glaucoma patients (RR   =   2.6, 95% CI 1.16-5.81). In non-RCTs, the pooled prevalence of SE-IOP was 4.7% (95% CI 3.7-5.8) regardless of diagnosis criteria. In conclusion, repeated intravitreal injections of anti-VEGF agents cause a 2-fold elevation in SE-IOP risk.
28000708|a|UNASSIGNED: It is known that the LIM homeodomain transcription factor Isl1 is highly expressed in all pancreatic endocrine cells and functions in regulating pancreatic development and insulin secretion. The Isl1 mutation has been found to be associated with type 2 diabetes, but the mechanism responsible for Isl1 regulation of insulin synthesis and secretion still needs to be elucidated. In the present study, the protein inhibitor of activated STAT Y (PIASy) was identified as a novel Isl1-interacting protein with a yeast two-hybrid system, and its interaction with Isl1 was further confirmed by a co-immunoprecipitation experiment. PIASy and Isl1 colocalize in human and mouse pancreas and NIT beta cells. Furthermore, PIASy and Isl1 upregulate insulin gene expression and insulin secretion in a dose-dependent manner by activating the insulin promoter. PIASy and Isl1 mRNA expression levels were also increased in type 2 diabetic db/db mice. In addition, our results demonstrate that PIASy and Isl1 cooperate to activate the insulin promoter through the Isl1 homeodomain and PIASy ring domain. These data suggest that that PIASy regulates insulin synthesis and secretion by interacting with Isl1 and provide new insight into insulin regulation, although the detailed molecular mechanism needs to be clarified in future studies.
28000709|a|UNASSIGNED: Malaria remains a major challenge to global health causing extensive morbidity and mortality. Yet, there is no efficient vaccine and the immune response remains incompletely understood. Apical Membrane Antigen 1 (AMA1), a leading vaccine candidate, plays a key role during merozoite invasion into erythrocytes by interacting with Rhoptry Neck Protein 2 (RON2). We generated a human anti-AMA1-antibody (humAbAMA1) by EBV-transformation of sorted B-lymphocytes from a Ghanaian donor and subsequent rescue of antibody variable regions. The antibody was expressed in Nicotiana benthamiana and in HEK239-6E, characterized for binding specificity and epitope, and analyzed for its inhibitory effect on Plasmodium falciparum. The generated humAbAMA1 shows an affinity of 106-135 pM. It inhibits the parasite strain 3D7A growth in vitro with an expression system-independent IC50-value of 35    g/ml (95% confidence interval: 33    g/ml-37    g/ml), which is three to eight times lower than the IC50-values of inhibitory antibodies 4G2 and 1F9. The epitope was mapped to the close proximity of the RON2-peptide binding groove. Competition for binding between the RON2-peptide and humAbAMA1 was confirmed by surface plasmon resonance spectroscopy measurements. The particularly advantageous inhibitory activity of this fully human antibody might provide a basis for future therapeutic applications.
28000717|a|UNASSIGNED: X-ray-based 3D-imaging techniques have gained fundamental significance in research areas ranging from taxonomy to bioengineering. There is demand for the characterisation of species-specific morphological adaptations, micro-CT ( CT) being the method of choice in small-scale animals. This has driven the development of suitable staining techniques to improve absorption-based tissue contrast. A quantitative account on the limits of current staining protocols for preparing  CT specimen, however, is still missing. Here we present a study that quantifies results obtained by combining a variety of different contrast agents and fixative treatments that provides general guidance for  CT applications, particularly suitable for insect species. Using a blowfly model system (Calliphora), we enhanced effective spatial resolution and, in particular, optimised tissue contrast enabling semi-automated segmentation of soft and hard tissue from  CT data. We introduce a novel probabilistic measure of the contrast between tissues: PTC. Our results show that a strong iodine solution provides the greatest overall increase in tissue contrast, however phosphotungstic acid offers better inter-tissue discriminability. We further show that using paraformaldehyde as a fixative as opposed to ethanol, slows down the uptake of a staining solution by approximately a factor of two.
28000718|a|UNASSIGNED: Radiation absorbers have increasingly been attracting attention as crucial components for controllable thermal emission, energy harvesting, modulators, etc. However, it is still challenging to realize thin absorbers which can operate over a wide spectrum range. Here, we propose and experimentally demonstrate thin, broadband, polarization-insensitive and omnidirectional absorbers working in the near-infrared range. We choose titanium (Ti) instead of the commonly used gold (Au) to construct nano-disk arrays on the top of a silicon dioxide (SiO2) coated Au substrate, with the quality (Q) factor of the localized surface plasmon (LSP) resonance being decreased due to the intrinsic high loss of Ti. The combination of this low-Q LSP resonance and the propagating surface plasmon (PSP) excitation resonance, which occur at different wavelengths, is the fundamental origin of the broadband absorption. The measured (at normal light incidence) absorption is over 90% in the wavelength range from 900   nm to 1825   nm, with high absorption persisting up to the incident angle of ~40  . The demonstrated thin-film absorber configuration is relatively easy to fabricate and can be realized with other properly selected materials.
28000726|a|UNASSIGNED: The penetration of anticancer drugs in solid tumors is important to ensure the therapeutic effect, so methods are needed to understand drug distribution in different parts of the tumor. Mass spectrometry imaging (MSI) has great potential in this field to visualize drug distribution in organs and tumor tissues with good spatial resolution and superior specificity. We present an accurate and reproducible imaging method to investigate the variation of drug distribution in different parts of solid tumors. The method was applied to study the distribution of paclitaxel in three ovarian cancer models with different histopathological characteristics and in colon cancer (HCT116), breast cancer (MDA-MB-231) and malignant pleural mesothelioma (MPM487). The heterogeneous drug penetration in the tumors is evident from the MALDI imaging results and from the images analysis. The differences between the various models do not always relate to significant changes in drug content in tumor homogenate examined by classical HPLC analysis. The specificity of the method clarifies the heterogeneity of the drug distribution that is analyzed from a quantitative point of view too, highlighting how marked are the variations of paclitaxel amounts in different part of solid tumors.
28000727|a|UNASSIGNED: Jellyfishes represent a group of species that play an important role in oceans, particularly as a food source for different taxa and as a predator of fish larvae and planktonic prey. The massive introduction of artificial sound sources in the oceans has become a concern to science and society. While we are only beginning to understand that non-hearing specialists like cephalopods can be affected by anthropogenic noises and regulation is underway to measure European water noise levels, we still don't know yet if the impact of sound may be extended to other lower level taxa of the food web. Here we exposed two species of Mediterranean Scyphozoan medusa, Cotylorhiza tuberculata and Rhizostoma pulmo to a sweep of low frequency sounds. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) revealed injuries in the statocyst sensory epithelium of both species after exposure to sound, that are consistent with the manifestation of a massive acoustic trauma observed in other species. The presence of acoustic trauma in marine species that are not hearing specialists, like medusa, shows the magnitude of the problem of noise pollution and the complexity of the task to determine threshold values that would help building up regulation to prevent permanent damage of the ecosystems.
28000730|a|UNASSIGNED: Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is a fatal neurodegenerative disease associated with aggregation of TAR DNA-binding protein-43 (TDP-43) in neuronal cells and manifests as motor neuron dysfunction _muscle atrophy. The carboxyl-terminal prion-like domain of TDP-43 can aggregate in vitro into toxic b-sheet rich amyloid-like structures. So far, treatment options for ALS are very limited and Riluzole, which targets glutamate receptors, is the only but highly ineffective drug. Therefore, great interest exists in developing molecules for ALS treatment. Here, we have examined certain derivatives of acridine containing same side chains at position 4 _5, for inhibitory potential against TDP-43 aggregation. Among several acridine derivatives examined, AIM4, which contains polar carboxyl groups in the side arms, significantly reduces TDP-43-YFP aggregation in the powerful yeast model cell and also abolishes in vitro amyloid-like aggregation of carboxyl terminal domain of TDP-43, as observed by AFM imaging. Thus, AIM4 can be a lead molecule potentiating further therapeutic research for ALS.
28000731|a|UNASSIGNED: Recently, a-RuCl3 has attracted much attention as a possible material to realize the honeycomb Kitaev model of a quantum-spin-liquid state. Although the magnetic properties of a-RuCl3 have been extensively studied, its electronic structure, which is strongly related to its Kitaev physics, is poorly understood. Here, the electronic structure of a-RuCl3 was investigated by photoemission (PE) and inverse-photoemission (IPE) spectroscopies. The band gap was directly measured from the PE and IPE spectra and was found to be 1.9   eV, much larger than previously estimated values. Local density approximation (LDA) calculations showed that the on-site Coulomb interaction U could open the band gap without spin-orbit coupling (SOC). However, the SOC should also be incorporated to reproduce the proper gap size, indicating that the interplay between U and SOC plays an essential role. Several features of the PE and IPE spectra could not be explained by the results of LDA calculations. To explain such discrepancies, we performed configuration-interaction calculations for a RuCl6(3-) cluster. The experimental data and calculations demonstrated that the 4d compound a-RuCl3 is a Jeff   =   1/2 Mott insulator rather than a quasimolecular-orbital insulator. Our study also provides important physical parameters required for verifying the proposed Kitaev physics in a-RuCl3.
28000757|a|UNASSIGNED: A series of fluorine-containing amphiphilic ABC triblock copolymers comprising hydrophilic poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG) and poly(methacrylic acid) (PMAA), and hydrophobic poly(p-(2-(4-biphenyl)perfluorocyclobutoxy)phenyl methacrylate) (PBPFCBPMA) segments were synthesized by successive atom transfer radical polymerization (ATRP). First, PEG-Br macroinitiators bearing one terminal ATRP initiating group were prepared by chain-end modification of monohydroxy-terminated PEG via esterification reaction. PEG-b-PBPFCBPMA-Br diblock copolymers were then synthesized via ATRP of BPFCBPMA monomer initiated by PEG-Br macroinitiator. ATRP polymerization of tert-butyl methacrylate (tBMA) was directly initiated by PEG-b-PBPFCBPMA-Br to provide PEG-b-PBPFCBPMA-b-PtBMA triblock copolymers with relatively narrow molecular weight distributions (Mw/Mn   <=    1.43). The pendant tert-butyoxycarbonyls were hydrolyzed to carboxyls in acidic environment without affecting other functional groups for affording PEG-b-PBPFCBPMA-b-PMAA amphiphilic triblock copolymers. The critical micelle concentrations (cmc) were determined by fluorescence spectroscopy using N-phenyl-1-naphthylamine as probe and the self-assembly behavior in aqueous media were investigated by transmission electron microscopy. Large compound micelles and bowl-shaped micelles were formed in neutral aqueous solution. Interestingly, large compound micelles formed by triblock copolymers can separately or simultaneously encapsulate hydrophilic Rhodamine 6G and hydrophobic pyrene agents.
28000758|a|UNASSIGNED: The immuno-pathogenic mechanisms of chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection remain to be elucidated and pose a major hurdle in treating or preventing chronic HCV-induced advanced liver diseases such as cirrhosis. Macrophages are a major component of the inflammatory milieu in chronic HCV-induced liver disease, and are generally derived from circulating inflammatory monocytes; however very little is known about their role in liver diseases. To investigate the activation and role of macrophages in chronic HCV-induced liver fibrosis, we utilized a recently developed humanized mouse model with autologous human immune and liver cells, human liver and blood samples and cell culture models of monocyte/macrophage and/or hepatic stellate cell activation. We showed that M2 macrophage activation was associated with liver fibrosis during chronic HCV infection in the livers of both humanized mice and patients, and direct-acting antiviral therapy attenuated M2 macrophage activation and associated liver fibrosis. We demonstrated that supernatant from HCV-infected liver cells activated human monocytes/macrophages with M2-like phenotypes. Importantly, HCV-activated monocytes/macrophages promoted hepatic stellate cell activation. These results suggest a critical role for M2 macrophage induction in chronic HCV-associated immune dysregulation and liver fibrosis.
28000759|a|UNASSIGNED: A biochar supported calcined-Mg/Al layered double hydroxides composite (CLDHs/BC) was synthesized by a one-pot slow pyrolysis of LDHs preloaded bagasse biomass. Multiple characterizations of the product illustrated that the calcined-Mg/Al layered double hydroxides (CLDHs) were successfully coated onto the biochar in slow pyrolysis of pre-treated biomass. The as-synthesized CLDHs/BC could efficiently remove antibiotic tetracycline from aqueous solutions. The coating of CLDHs significantly increased the adsorption ability of biochar, and CLDHs/BC exhibited more than 2 times higher adsorption capacity than that of the pristine biochar (BC) in the tested pH range. The maximum adsorption capacity of CLDHs/BC for tetracycline was 1118.12   mg/g at 318   K. The experimental results suggested that the interaction with LDHs on biochar played a dominant role in tetracycline adsorption, accompanied with   -   interaction and hydrogen bond. This study provides a feasible and simple approach for the preparation of high-performance material for antibiotics contaminated wastewater treatment in a cost-effective way.
28000767|a|UNASSIGNED: An ethyl acetate (EtOAc) extract isolated from the marine bacterium, Rheinheimera aquimaris QSI02, was found to exhibit anti-quorum sensing (anti-QS) activity. A subsequent bioassay-guided isolation protocol led to the detection of an active diketopiperazine factor, cyclo(Trp-Ser). Biosensor assay data showed that the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) of cyclo(Trp-Ser) ranged from 3.2   mg/ml to 6.4   mg/m for several microorganisms, including Escherichia coli, Chromobacterium violaceum CV026, Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA01, Staphylococcus aureus, and Candida albicans. Additionally, sub-MICs of cyclo(Trp-Ser) decreased the QS-regulated violacein production in C. violaceum CV026 by 67%. Furthermore, cyclo(Trp-Ser) can decrease QS-regulated pyocyanin production, elastase activity and biofilm formation in P. aeruginosa PA01 by 65%, 40% and 59.9%, respectively. Molecular docking results revealed that cyclo(Trp-Ser) binds to CviR receptor more rigidly than C6HSL with lower docking energy -8.68   kcal/mol, while with higher binding energy of -8.40   kcal/mol than 3-oxo-C12HSL in LasR receptor. Molecular dynamics simulation suggested that cyclo(Trp-Ser) is more easy to bind to CviR receptor than natural signaling molecule, but opposite in LasR receptor. These results suggest that cyclo(Trp-Ser) can be used as a potential inhibitor to control QS systems of C. violaceum and P. aeruginosa and provide increased the understanding of molecular mechanism that influences QS-regulated behaviors.
28000768|a|UNASSIGNED: Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a severe neurodevelopmental disease with a high incidence and effective biomarkers are urgently needed for its diagnosis. A few previous studies have reported the detection of miRNA biomarkers for autism diagnosis, especially those based on bioinformatics approaches. In this study, we developed a knowledge-guided bioinformatics model for identifying autism miRNA biomarkers. We downloaded gene expression microarray data from the GEO Database and extracted genes with expression levels that differed in ASD and the controls. We then constructed an autism-specific miRNA-mRNA network and inferred candidate autism biomarker miRNAs based on their regulatory modes and functions. We defined a novel parameter called the autism gene percentage as autism-specific knowledge to further facilitate the identification of autism-specific biomarker miRNAs. Finally, 11 miRNAs were screened as putative autism biomarkers, where eight miRNAs (72.7%) were significantly dysregulated in ASD samples according to previous reports. Functional enrichment results indicated that the targets of the identified miRNAs were enriched in autism-associated pathways, such as Wnt signaling (in KEGG and IPA), cell cycle (in KEGG), and glioblastoma multiforme signaling (in IPA), thereby supporting the predictive power of our model.
28000769|a|Chest trauma has a significant relevance on outcome after severe trauma. Clinically, impaired lung function typically occurs within 72   hours after trauma. However, the underlying pathophysiological mechanisms are still not fully elucidated. Therefore, we aimed to establish an experimental long-term model to investigate physiological, morphologic and inflammatory changes, after severe trauma. Male pigs (sus scrofa) sustained severe trauma (including unilateral chest trauma, femur fracture, liver laceration and hemorrhagic shock). Additionally, non-injured animals served as sham controls. Chest trauma resulted in severe lung damage on both CT and histological analyses. Furthermore, severe inflammation with a systemic increase of IL-6 (p   =   0.0305) and a local increase of IL-8 in BAL (p   =   0.0009) was observed. The pO2/FiO2 ratio in trauma animals decreased over the observation period (p   <   0.0001) but not in the sham group (p   =   0.2967). Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) revealed differences between the traumatized and healthy lung (p   <   0.0001). In conclusion, a clinically relevant, long-term model of blunt chest trauma with concomitant injuries has been developed. This reproducible model allows to examine local and systemic consequences of trauma and is valid for investigation of potential diagnostic or therapeutic options. In this context, EIT might represent a radiation-free method for bedside diagnostics.
28000771|a|UNASSIGNED: Dysregulation of the normal gene expression program is the cause of a broad range of diseases, including cancer. Detecting the specific perturbed regulators that have an effect on the generation and the development of the disease is crucial for understanding the disease mechanism and for taking decisions on efficient preventive and curative therapies. Moreover, detecting such perturbations at the patient level is even more important from the perspective of personalized medicine. We applied the Transcription Factor Target Enrichment Analysis, a method that detects the activity of transcription factors based on the quantification of the collective transcriptional activation of their targets, to a large collection of 5607 cancer samples covering eleven cancer types. We produced for the first time a comprehensive catalogue of altered transcription factor activities in cancer, a considerable number of them significantly associated to patient's survival. Moreover, we described several interesting TFs whose activity do not change substantially in the cancer with respect to the normal tissue but ultimately play an important role in patient prognostic determination, which suggest they might be promising therapeutic targets. An additional advantage of this method is that it allows obtaining personalized TF activity estimations for individual patients.
28000772|a|UNASSIGNED: The relevance of blood-based assays to monitor minimal residual disease (MRD) in non-metastatic prostate cancer (PCa) remains unclear. Proving that clinically relevant circulating tumor cells (CTCs) can be detected with available technologies could address this. This study aimed to improve CTC detection in non-metastatic PCa patients by combining three independent CTC assays: the CellSearch system, an in vivo CellCollector and the EPISPOT. Peripheral blood samples from high-risk PCa patients were screened for CTCs before and three months after radical prostatectomy (RP). Combining the results of both time points, CTCs were detected in 37%, 54.9% and 58.7% of patients using CellSearch, CellCollector and EPISPOT, respectively. The cumulative positivity rate of the three CTC assays was 81.3% (87/107) with 21.5% (23/107) of patients harboring >= 5 CTCs/7.5   ml blood. Matched pair analysis of 30 blood samples taken before and after surgery indicated a significant decrease in CTCs captured by the CellCollector from 66% before RP to 34% after therapy (p   =   0.031). CTC detection by EPISPOT before RP significantly correlated with PSA serum values (p   <   0.0001) and clinical tumor stage (p   =   0.04), while the other assays showed no significant correlations. In conclusion, CTC-based liquid biopsies have the potential to monitor MRD in patients with non-metastatic prostate cancer.
28000773|a|UNASSIGNED: Brain is an immensely complex system displaying dynamic and heterogeneous metabolic activities. Visualizing cellular metabolism of nucleic acids, proteins, and lipids in brain with chemical specificity has been a long-standing challenge. Recent development in metabolic labeling of small biomolecules allows the study of these metabolisms at the global level. However, these techniques generally require nonphysiological sample preparation for either destructive mass spectrometry imaging or secondary labeling with relatively bulky fluorescent labels. In this study, we have demonstrated bioorthogonal chemical imaging of DNA, RNA, protein and lipid metabolism in live rat brain hippocampal tissues by coupling stimulated Raman scattering microscopy with integrated deuterium and alkyne labeling. Heterogeneous metabolic incorporations for different molecular species and neurogenesis with newly-incorporated DNA were observed in the dentate gyrus of hippocampus at the single cell level. We further applied this platform to study metabolic responses to traumatic brain injury in hippocampal slice cultures, and observed marked upregulation of protein and lipid metabolism particularly in the hilus region of the hippocampus within days of mechanical injury. Thus, our method paves the way for the study of complex metabolic profiles in live brain tissue under both physiological and pathological conditions with single-cell resolution and minimal perturbation.
28000774|a|UNASSIGNED: The involvement of hormonal factors in developing endometrial cancer is well documented. In particular, excess or unopposed estrogen is a major risk factor. Endometrial cancer is divided into estrogen-dependent and estrogen-independent types. Studies suggested that the subtypes of endometrial cancer share many common risk factors. Whether the levels of sex hormones differ between types 1 and 2 endometrial cancer has not been investigated. In this study, levels of estrogen, progesterone, testosterone, follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) were investigated between type 1 and type 2 endometrial cancer taking into account menopausal status and parity. The sex hormones levels and estrogen and progesterone receptors were measured in 187 women with endometrial cancer. The levels of estradiol (E2), progesterone, testosterone, FSH and LH were not different between the subtypes of endometrial cancer regardless of menopausal status. In addition, the sex hormones were not different between patients of different party regardless of the menopausal status. The majority of type 1 (96%) and type 2 (82%) endometrial cancers were estrogen and progesterone receptor positive. Our data suggest that type 2 endometrial cancer is not completely estrogen independent, and type 1 and type 2 endometrial cancers may have a similar pathogenesis.
28000782|a|UNASSIGNED: Increasingly frequent severe coral bleaching is among the greatest threats to coral reefs posed by climate change. Global climate models (GCMs) project great spatial variation in the timing of annual severe bleaching (ASB) conditions; a point at which reefs are certain to change and recovery will be limited. However, previous model-resolution projections (~1   *   1  ) are too coarse to inform conservation planning. To meet the need for higher-resolution projections, we generated statistically downscaled projections (4-km resolution) for all coral reefs; these projections reveal high local-scale variation in ASB. Timing of ASB varies >10 years in 71 of the 87 countries and territories with >500   km(2) of reef area. Emissions scenario RCP4.5 represents lower emissions mid-century than will eventuate if pledges made following the 2015 Paris Climate Change Conference (COP21) become reality. These pledges do little to provide reefs with more time to adapt and acclimate prior to severe bleaching conditions occurring annually. RCP4.5 adds 11 years to the global average ASB timing when compared to RCP8.5; however, >75% of reefs still experience ASB before 2070 under RCP4.5. Coral reef futures clearly vary greatly among and within countries, indicating the projections warrant consideration in most reef areas during conservation and management planning.
28000785|a|UNASSIGNED: Pseudomonas aeruginosa (PA) can thrive in anaerobic biofilms in the lungs of cystic fibrosis (CF) patients. Here, we show that CrcZ is the most abundant PA14 RNA bound to the global regulator Hfq in anoxic biofilms grown in cystic fibrosis sputum medium. Hfq was crucial for anoxic biofilm formation. This observation complied with an RNAseq based transcriptome analysis and follow up studies that implicated Hfq in regulation of a central step preceding denitrification. CrcZ is known to act as a decoy that sequesters Hfq during relief of carbon catabolite repression, which in turn alleviates Hfq-mediated translational repression of catabolic genes. We therefore inferred that CrcZ indirectly impacts on biofilm formation by competing for Hfq. This hypothesis was supported by the findings that over-production of CrcZ mirrored the biofilm phenotype of the hfq deletion mutant, and that deletion of the crcZ gene augmented biofilm formation. To our knowledge, this is the first example where competition for Hfq by CrcZ cross-regulates an Hfq-dependent physiological process unrelated to carbon metabolism.
28000787|a|The Drug Enforcement Administration is creating a new Administration Controlled Substances Code Number for "Marihuana Extract." This code number will allow DEA and DEA-registered entities to track quantities of this material separately from quantities of marihuana. This, in turn, will aid in complying with relevant treaty provisions. Under international drug control treaties administered by the United Nations, some differences exist between the regulatory controls pertaining to marihuana extract versus those for marihuana and tetrahydrocannabinols. The DEA has previously established separate code numbers for marihuana and for tetrahydrocannabinols, but not for marihuana extract. To better track these materials and comply with treaty provisions, DEA is creating a separate code number for marihuana extract with the following definition: "Meaning an extract containing one or more cannabinoids that has been derived from any plant of the genus Cannabis, other than the separated resin (whether crude or purified) obtained from the plant." Extracts of marihuana will continue to be treated as Schedule I controlled substances.
28000788|a|UNASSIGNED: Metastasis causes as many as 90% of cancer-related deaths, especially for the deadliest skin cancer, melanoma. Since hematogenous dissemination of circulating tumor cells is the major route of metastasis, detection and destruction of circulating tumor cells are vital for impeding metastasis and improving patient prognosis. Exploiting the exquisite intrinsic optical absorption contrast of circulating melanoma cells, we developed dual-wavelength photoacoustic flow cytography coupled with a nanosecond-pulsed melanoma-specific laser therapy mechanism. We have successfully achieved in vivo label-free imaging of rare single circulating melanoma cells in both arteries and veins of mice. Further, the photoacoustic signal from a circulating melanoma cell immediately hardware-triggers a lethal pinpoint laser irradiation to kill it on the spot in a thermally confined manner without causing collateral damage. A pseudo-therapy study including both in vivo and in vitro experiments demonstrated the performance and the potential clinical value of our method, which can facilitate early treatment of metastasis by clearing circulating tumor cells from vasculature.
28000795|a|UNASSIGNED: A novel and efficient catalyst is one of the goals in the material field, and the involvement of nanoscience and technology has brought new vigor to the development of catalyst. This research aimed to develop a simple two-step route to fabricate Fe3O4@PS/PDA-Ag hybridnanotubes with size-controllable and highly dispersed silver nanoparticles (NPs). First, Fe3O4@PS nanotubes of a sound mechanical property were prepared using polystyrene (PS)/toluene solution containing highly dispersed oleic acid modified Fe3O4 particles in a commercial AAO template. Next, the facile technique was used to form in situ silver NPs on the surface of magnetic PS (Fe3O4@PS) nanotubes through dopamine coating. The catalytic effects of the prepared Fe3O4@PS/PDA-Ag hybridnanotubes with highly dispersed AgNPs were characterized using a range of analytical methods, including transmission electron microscopy, thermogravimetric analysis, UV-Visible spectroscopy, and X-ray diffraction. It was found that such prepared Fe3O4@PS/PDA-Ag hybridnanotubes had a large specific surface area. They possessed excellent activities in catalyzing the reduction of 4-nitrophenol (4-NP) by NaBH4 in the aqueous phase. Furthermore, they were readily separated from fluid and retrieved by an external magnet. Their catalyst activity and recyclability demonstrated that this approach we proposed had the potential to become a new idea and route for catalytic platform.
28000799|a|
28000800|a|UNASSIGNED: Recent published trials have failed to demonstrate that laparoscopic resection is not inferior to open resection of rectal cancer in terms of pathologic outcomes. However, there have been numerous studies showing the benefit of laparoscopic resection in terms of short-term complications and quality of life. Fewer complications and shorter hospital stays improve the chance of maintaining functional status, which is very important for the elderly population. Thus, laparoscopic resection of rectal cancer remains a viable option for the elderly.
28000801|a|UNASSIGNED: [This corrects the article DOI: 10.1159/000448009.].
28000802|a|UNASSIGNED: A novel, facile, non-hazardous, low temperature/pressure microwave solvothermal method of producing pure copper, silver, and nickel metal nanofoams is presented. The nanofoams have been produced using inexpensive metal acetates and polyglycol solvent. The nanofoam formation proceeds in two steps within a single-pot synthesis: formation of metal nanoparticles, followed by the sintering of nanoparticles into nanofoams. The nanofoams have many potential uses in clean energy applications, particularly lithium-ion batteries.
28000816|a|UNASSIGNED: We use computational chemistry to determine the rate constants and product yields for the reactions of BrHg   with the atmospherically abundant radicals NO2 and HOO. The reactants, products, and well-defined transition states are characterized using CCSD(T) with large basis sets. The potential energy profiles for the barrierless addition of HOO and NO2 to BrHg   are characterized using CASPT2 and RHF-CCSDT, and the rate constants are computed as a function of temperature and pressure using variational transition state theory and master equation simulations. The calculated rate constant for the addition of NO2 to BrHg   is larger than that for the addition of HOO by a factor of up to two under atmospheric conditions. For the reaction of HOO with BrHg   the addition reaction entirely dominates competing HOO + BrHg   reaction channels. The addition of NO2 to BrHg   initially produces both BrHgNO2 and BrHgONO, but after a few seconds under atmospheric conditions the sole product is syn-BrHgONO. A previously unsuspected reaction channel for BrHg   + NO2 competes with the addition to yield Hg + BrNO2. This reaction reduces the mercury oxidation state in BrHg   from Hg(i) to Hg(0) and slows the atmospheric oxidation of Hg(0). While the rate constant for this reduction channel is not well-constrained by the present calculations, it may be as much as 18% as large as the oxidation channel under some atmospheric conditions. As no experimental kinetic or product yield data are available for the reactions studied here, this work will provide guidance for atmospheric modelers and experimental kineticists.
28000817|a|UNASSIGNED: Mesoporous films have been shown to exhibit striking behaviors in capillary-driven infiltration experiments. The process has been shown to follow classical Lucas-Washburn dynamics, but the effective pore radius has been calculated from hydrodynamic resistance considerations to be orders of magnitude lower than measured pore dimensions. In addition, the infiltration rate has been observed to decrease with increasing pore diameter, in contrast to the expected trend for capillary-like pores. Here, we present a simple model accounting for the mechanism behind these anomalous effects. We found the infiltration rate to be inversely proportional to the cubed ratio of pore to neck size. This physical scaling correctly modeled both the magnitude of the infiltration rate and its variation with pore diameters, for a wide range of experimental data. The model established a connection between capillary filling dynamics and nanoscale pore structure, which is of practical interest for the design and characterization of mesoporous films.
28000818|a|We present a dynamic density functional approach to study polymer chain diffusion in a good solvent in the confinement of a nanopost array. Three key results emerge from our study. First, we show different scaling laws of the chains moving toward, close to, and around the posts. Second, in the flux process of polymer chains, the head, side, and middle segments display different scaling laws. As the chains come in contact with the posts, an enlarged motion discrepancy emerges between the head and middle segments perpendicular to the posts. For instance, the motion of head segments transforms from Zimm to reputation type, whereas the middle segments almost retain the Zimm motion. Third, as the spacing crack between two posts narrows down, a climbing effect along the posts can be clearly observed in the polymer motion.
28000819|a|UNASSIGNED: A series of fluorescent probe molecules based on the commercially available trans-4-(4-(diethylamino)styryl)-N-methylpyridinium iodide (DAMPI) scaffold has been developed. The dynamic radii of these DAMPI-type probes covered a range of 5.8 to 10.1    and could be changed by varying the alkyl substituents on the amine donor group, with limited effect on the electronic properties. These probe molecules allow for the direct evaluation of the molecular accessibility into confined spaces, more specifically the micropore architecture of zeolite materials. Evaluation of industrially relevant zeolite materials with 8- (CHA), 10- (MFI) and 12-membered ring pores (FAU) showed that steric bulk influences the rate of adsorption, the amount of probe molecule taken up by the zeolite as well as the interaction of the probe molecule with the zeolite material. Furthermore, a positive linear correlation is found between the pore-probe size difference and total probe uptake by the zeolite. The absorption spectra of each probe molecule within the zeolites show that this DAMPI-type compound is chemically bound to the zeolite's acid sites. The new approach shows the general principle of determining size-accessibility relationships in microporous solids with a series of fluorescent probes of systematically tunable size.
28000829|a|
28000846|a|Osteoarthritis (OA) is a common chronic joint disease, the etiology of which is complex. Disturbance to proinflammatory and anti  -inflammatory signaling pathways is a major cause of OA. MicroRNAs (miRNAs/miR) are a group of endogenous, short, non  -coding RNAs, the expression profile of which is disturbed in the cartilage of patients with OA. To determine the function of miRNAs during the progression of OA, the present study detected the expression levels of nine candidate miRNAs in cartilage samples from 33  patients with OA. The results demonstrated that miR  -26a, miR  -26b, miR  -138 and miR  -140 were downregulated in patients with OA. As predicted by a bioinformatics analysis and confirmed by luciferase assay and western blotting, the present study revealed that miR  -26a and miR  -26b are able to suppress karyopherin subunit alpha  3 (KPNA3) expression by targeting its 3'  -untranslated region. Since KPNA3 is an important mediator that modulates nuclear factor (NF)  -kB  p65 translocation, the present study examined the impact of miR  -26a and miR  -26b on NF  -kB signaling. The results indicated that transfection of cells with a miR  -26a or miR  -26b inhibitor may promote NF  -kB  p65 translocation from the cytoplasm to the nucleus via the upregulation of KPNA3. Furthermore, the expression levels of matrix metalloproteinase  -3,   -9,   -13 and cyclooxygenase  -2 were upregulated following transfection with a miR  -26a or miR  -26b inhibitor. These results indicate that downregulation of miR  -26a and miR  -26b may contribute to the pathogenesis of OA via promotion of the NF  -kB signaling pathway. The present study sheds light on the pathogenesis of OA and may provide a target for the development of therapeutic methods for the treatment of OA.
28000847|a|UNASSIGNED: Parkinson's disease  (PD) is a common progressive and multifactorial neurodegenerative disease, characterized by the loss of midbrain dopaminergic neurons. Numerous pathological processes including, inflammation, oxidative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, neurotransmitter imbalance, and apoptosis as well as genetic factors may lead to neuronal degeneration. Motor deficits in PD are due mostly to the progressive loss of nigrostriatal dopaminergic neurons. Neuroprotection of functional neurons is of significance in the treatment of PD. G  protein  -coupled receptors  (GPCRs) have been implicated in the neuroprotection against PD through the survival of dopaminergic neurons. In addition, phosphatidyl  -inositol  -3  -kinase  (PI3K)/AKT  signaling has also been demonstrated to be neuroprotective. Knowledge of the mechanisms involved in this cellular protection could be critical for developing treatments to prevent this neurodegenerative disorder. In this review, we highlight the protective roles of the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway in the function of representative serotonin GPCRs. Particular attention is given to the molecular mechanisms of this pathway proposed to explain the favorable effects of food ingredients against neurodegenerative disease.
28000851|a|Tooth regeneration through stem cell-based therapy is a promising treatment for tooth decay and loss. Human dental pulp stem cells (hDPSCs) have been widely identified as the stem cells with the most potential for tooth tissue regeneration. However, the culture of hDPSCs in  vitro for tissue engineering is challenging, as cells may proliferate slowly or/and differentiate poorly in  vivo. Dynamic three  -dimensional (3D) simulated microgravity (SMG) created using the rotary cell culture system is considered to an effective tool, which contributes to several cell functions. Thus, the present study aimed to investigate the effect of dynamic 3D SMG culture on the proliferation and odontogenic differentiation abilities of hDPSCs in poly (lactic  -co  -glycolic acid) (PLGA) scaffolds in nude mice. The hDPSCs on PLGA scaffolds were maintained separately in the 3D SMG culture system and static 3D cultures with osteogenic medium for 7  days in  vitro. Subsequently, the cell  -PLGA complexes were implanted subcutaneously on the backs of nude mice for 4  weeks. The results of histological and immunohistochemical examinations of Ki  -67, type  I collagen, dentin sialoprotein and DMP  -1 indicated that the proliferation and odontogenic differentiation abilities of the hDPSCs prepared in the 3D  SMG culture system were higher, compared with those prepared in the static culture system. These findings suggested that dynamic 3D  SMG culture likely contributes to tissue engineering by improving the proliferation and odontogenic differentiation abilities of hDPSCs in  vivo.
28000861|a|UNASSIGNED: Metastasis is the major cause of death in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) has been observed to be one of the key regulators of metastasis in certain cancers as it confers an invasive phenotype. CD133 is a widely used cancer stem cell (CSC) marker, and CD133-positive cancer cells are thought to be tumor-initiating cells with CSC characteristics, while CXCR4, a stromal-derived-factor-1 specific chemokine receptor, is highly expressed in NSCLC tissues and participates in cancer progression by regulating cell anti-apoptosis. We previously demonstrated that CXCR4 promotes NSCLC chemoresistance by upregulating CYP1B1, however, the relationship of CD133, CXCR4 and EMT processes in NSCLC metastasis are unclear. In this study, we detected a CD133 and CXCR4 high expression in tissue specimens from 64  NSCLC patients by immunohistochemistry, of which CD133 and CXCR4 were found to be positively associated with metastatic NSCLC patients. CD133 was found to promote NSCLC tumorigenesis and mediated the expression of CXCR4. Furthermore, CD133/CXCR4 co-expression was found to be an independent prognostic factor as shown by univariate and multivariate Cox regression analysis, and was observed to regulate the expression of EMT-related molecules and transcriptional factors in NSCLC. In addition, our results showed that E-cadherin and Vimentin were simultaneously downregulated and upregulated, in CD133+CXCR4+ A549 cells, respectively. While E-cadherin was upregulated and Vimentin was downregulated in metastatic NSCLC patients. Vimentin expression was also observed to have a positive correlation with CD133/CXCR4 co-expression in NSCLC patients and survival analysis results suggested that Vimentin high expression might be significantly associated with poor survival rates of the patients. Thus, these results suggest that the CD133/CXCR4/EMT axis may be a prognostic marker and may provide novel targets for combinational therapies in the treatment of NSCLC.
28000862|a|UNASSIGNED: Sirtuin1 (SIRT1) is an NAD+  -dependent deacetylase that exhibits multiple biological functions, including cell differentiation inhibition, transcription regulation, cell cycle regulation and anti  -apoptosis. Lipopolysaccharides (LPS) are crucial virulence factors produced by Pseudomonas  aeruginosa and serve an important role in adjusting the interactions between the host and the pathogen. However, the effect of SIRT1 in the regulation of LPS  -induced A459 human alveolar epithelial cells (AECs) oxidative stress remains unclear. The cellular reactive oxygen species (ROS) production was examined in A549 cells that were supplemented with LPS. Relative cell signaling pathway proteins were further investigated by western blot analysis. It was identified that LPS downregulated SIRT1 expression, however, upregulated ROS generation, which was associated with the increase of nuclear factor (NF)  -kB and acetyl  -NF  -kB. Activation of SIRT1 by resveratrol significantly reversed the effects of LPS on A549 cells. By contrast, inhibition of SIRT1 by nicotinamide had the opposite effects that enhance cell ROS production. Thus, the results indicated that SIRT1 serves an important role in the regulation of oxidative stress induced by LPS in human AECs.
28000863|a|Pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) is a chronic disorder of the small pulmonary arteries, and the efficacy of the therapies and the prognosis remain poor. The pathobiology of PAH is complex, and needs to be elucidated by multiple approaches. The present study used a monocrotaline  -induced PAH rat model to perform a comprehensive microRNA (miRNA) microarray screening in the lungs and identified 16  downregulated miRNAs in the lungs from PAH rats. High  -enrichment gene ontology  (GO) analysis identified several sets of genes, and established the miRNA  -mRNA network by outlining the interactions of miRNA and GO  -associated genes. Three downregulated miRNAs [miRNA 125  -3p (miR  -125  -3p), miR  -148  -3p and miR  -193] displayed the most marked regulatory function, and miR  -148  -3p and miR  -193 were observed to have the highest number of target mRNAs. Signaling pathway analysis demonstrated 26  signal transduction pathways, with MAPK, TGF  -b and cell cycle signaling as the most prominent. In addition, 342  genes were identified as the potential targets of these 16  miRNAs. Thus, a set of miRNAs in the lungs from rats with PAH and novel associations between biological events and PAH pathogenesis were identified, providing potential therapeutic targets for this disorder.
28000864|a|The present study aimed to identify molecular targets that have important roles in the progression of Parkinson's disease. The gene expression profile dataset GSE7621 and the microRNA (miRNA) expression profile dataset GSE16658 were downloaded from the Gene Expression Omnibus database. R programing software was used to identify differentially expressed genes and miRNAs. Subsequently, enriched Gene Ontology terms of differentially expressed genes were obtained using the Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery. Target genes of differentially expressed miRNAs were identified using the starBase database and a miRNA  -gene regulatory network was constructed using Cytoscape software. A total of 391  differentially expressed genes and 88  differentially expressed miRNAs were identified. Gene Ontology terms that were associated with nervous system activity, including synapse and dopamine metabolic process, were shown to be enriched in the differentially expressed genes. A total of 620  target genes were identified from the differentially expressed miRNAs, and 10  overlaps were identified between these target genes and differentially expressed genes. Furthermore, 10  miRNA  -gene regulation pairs were obtained between the overlaps and differentially expressed miRNAs. In conclusion, the present study used bioinformatics analysis of gene and miRNA expression profile datasets, and identified potential therapeutic targets for Parkinson's disease.
28000875|a|Drug resistance, a major obstacle to successful cancer chemotherapy, frequently occurs in recurrent or metastatic breast cancer and results in poor clinical response. Fulvestrant is a new type of selective estrogen receptor (ER) downregulator and a promising endocrine therapy for breast cancer. In this study, we evaluated the combination treatment of fulvestrant and doxorubicin in ER-negative multidrug-resistant (MDR) breast cancer cell lines Bads  -200 and Bats  -72. Fulvestrant potentiated doxorubicin-induced cytotoxicity, apoptosis and G2/M arrest with upregulation of cyclin  B1. It functioned as a substrate for P-glycoprotein (P-gp) without affecting its expression. Furthermore, fulvestrant not only restored the intracellular accumulation of doxorubicin but also relocalized it to the nuclei in Bats  -72 and Bads  -200 cells, which may be another potential mechanism of reversal of P-gp mediated doxorubicin resistance. These results indicated that the combination of fulvestrant and doxorubicin-based chemotherapy may be feasible and effective for patients with advanced breast cancer.
28000876|a|MicroRNAs play critical roles in the progression of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Previous studies have indicated that miR-196b and miR-1290 play critical roles in T-cell ALL (T-ALL) and B-cell ALL (B-ALL), respectively. Resveratrol, a natural edible polyphenolic phytoalexin, possesses certain anticancer activities. Nevertheless, the mechanism involved in the regulation of ALL by resveratrol is still poorly understood. The present study aimed to reveal the potential mechanism underlying the antitumor effect of resveratrol in ALL focusing on miRNAs. Research indicates that insulin-like growth factor binding protein  3 (IGFBP3) plays a critical role in the aetiology of ALL. In the present study, we first demonstrated that the expression of IGFBP3 was decreased in ALL patients. We further identified that miR-196b and miR-1290 were overexpressed in T-ALL TALL-104 and B-ALL SUP-B15 cell lines, respectively. Moreover, resveratrol markedly decreased the overexpression of miR-196b/miR-1290 and elevated IGFBP3 expression in the ALL cell lines. As an miR-196b/miR-1290 inhibitor, resveratrol was further demonstrated to exert antitumor effects on ALL cells including antiproliferation, cell cycle arrest, apoptosis and inhibition of migration. Dual-luciferase reporter assay revealed that miR-196b/miR-1290 directly bound to the 3'-untranslated (3'-UTR) region of IGFBP3 mRNA. Moreover, we observed that IGFBP3 short interfering RNA reversed the antitumor activity of resveratrol against ALL cells. Taken together, the present study provides evidence that resveratrol targets miR-196b and miR-1290 for its antitumor activity in T-ALL and B-ALL, respectively. The present study also confirms that both miR  -196b and miR-1290 target the IGFBP3 3'-UTR and are potential therapeutic targets for ALL.
28000877|a|Fucoidan is a type of sulfated polysaccharide isolated from seaweed. The present study used ovariectomized Sprague  -Dawley rats, which were treated with fucoidan. The effects of fucoidan on bone metabolism, density and microarchitecture were assessed using micro  -computed tomography (CT), histomorphometric analysis, biochemical markers of bone metabolism (Serum procollagen type  I N propeptide and C  -terminal telopeptide  -1) and tests of mechanical competence of the femur. In addition, the effects of low  -molecular weight fucoidan (LMWF) on in  vitro cultured osteoclasts were examined, in order to determine the mechanisms underlying LMWF  -induced osteoclastic inhibition. In ovariectomized rats, LMWF increased femoral bone density. Micro  -CT scan also revealed that LMWF prevented microarchitectural deterioration and histomorphometric analysis determined that LMWF increased trabecular bone number and reduced the surface of bone resorption. In addition, LMWF reduced the high bone turnover rate, and improved the mechanical properties of the femur in ovariectomized rats. In  vitro experiments revealed that LMWF inhibited the receptor activator of nuclear factor kB ligand (RANKL) and macrophage colony  -stimulating factor  -induced differentiation of RAW264.7  cells into tartrate  -resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP)  -positive osteoclasts, and reduced the bone resorption surface of the osteoclasts. Reverse transcription  -quantitative polymerase chain reaction demonstrated that LMWF inhibited mRNA expression of TRAP, matrix metallopeptidase  -9, nuclear activator of activated T  -cells  1, and osteoclast  -associated immunoglobulin  -like receptor, which are components of the signaling pathway for osteoclast differentiation. LMWF had no effect on RANK mRNA expression. In conclusion, the present study confirmed that LMWF inhibited osteoclast differentiation and bone resorption, and may be a potential treatment for osteoporosis in ovariectomized rats.
28000878|a|Reprogramming of energy metabolism (aerobic glycolysis) is thought to play an essential role in cancer. Compared to oxidative phosphorylation, aerobic glycolysis consumes more glucose through the upregulation of glucose transporters, notably glucose transporter  1 (GLUT1). Elevated glycolysis occurs in chemoresistant cancer cells, but the detailed mechanism is not well understood. The upregulation of the Ca2+-permeable transient receptor potential channel 5 (TrpC5) activates the Wnt/b-catenin signaling pathway in 5-fluorouracil (5-Fu)-resistant human colorectal cancer (CRC) HCT-8 (HCT-8/5-Fu) cells. In the present study, TrpC5 was overexpressed at the mRNA and protein levels along with GLUT1 in HCT-8/5-Fu cells. Suppression of TrpC5 expression with a TrpC5-specific shRNA reduced the induction of GLUT1 in the HCT-8 cells. The inhibition of the Wnt/b-catenin signaling pathway with XAV939 resulted in a decreased GLUT1 and nuclear c-Myc expression. Further study using clinical specimens validated the positive correlation between TrpC5 and GLUT1 protein levels and showed that a high TrpC5/GLUT1 expression was significantly correlated with chemoresistance. Taken together, we demonstrated the essential role of TrpC5 in GLUT1 induction and revealed that a high TrpC5/GLUT1 expression is associated with chemoresistance in human CRC.
28000880|a|Glioma is the most frequent and aggressive primary tumor of the brain in humans. Over the last few decades, significant progress has been made in early detection and multi-mode treatments, but the prognosis of gliomas is still extremely poor. MicroRNAs are endogenously expressed non-coding, single strand and short RNA molecules. Increasing number of studies demonstrated that microRNAs are dysregulated in a variety of human cancers, and play significant roles in tumorigenesis and tumor development, including glioma. In the present study, we for the first time found that microRNA-302a (miR-302a) was significantly downregulated in both glioma tissues and cell lines. In glioma patients, low miR-302a expression was correlated with KPS score and WHO grade. Restoration of miR-302a expression inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion of glioma in  vitro. In addition, GAB2 was identified as a direct target of miR-320a. In clinical glioma tissues, GAB2 was upregulated and in-versely correlated with miR-302a expression. GAB2 underexpression had similar biological roles with miR-302a overexpression in glio-ma cells, further confirming that GAB2 was a functional downstream target of miR-302a. Moreover, rescue experiments showed that upregulation of GAB2 effectively reversed the inhibition effects of miR-302a on glioma cells proliferation, migration and invasion. These findings suggested that miR-302a is an important tumor suppressor of glioma progression by directly targeting GAB2, thus providing new insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying glioma occurrence, development and evolution of glioma.
28000896|a|UNASSIGNED: miR  -223  -3p is deregulated in several tumor types and plays an important role in tumorigenesis and progression. However, its role in the pathogenesis of testicular germ cell tumor (TGCT) remains uncharacterized. We previously demonstrated that miR  -223  -3p expression was increased in TGCTs compared with normal testes (NT), suggesting that miR  -223  -3p may have an oncogenic role in TGCT. Using published dataset and The Cancer Genome Atlas database, we validated higher miR  -223  -3p expression in TGCTs than NT, and found a negative correlation between miR-223-3p and FBXW7 mRNA expression levels. Using both gain- and loss-of-function experiments, we show that miR  -223  -3p regulates FBXW7 protein expression, cell growth and apoptosis in TGCT cell lines. Additionally, we demonstrate that ectopic expression of the full-length coding sequence of FBXW7 could rescue the cell growth and apoptotic effects mediated by miR  -223  -3p. Our findings suggest an oncogenic role for miR  -223  -3p in TGCT, which promotes cell growth and inhibits apoptosis through repression of FBXW7.
28000897|a|UNASSIGNED: Bortezomib, formerly known as PS341, is a novel proteasome inhibitor with in  vitro and in  vivo antineoplastic effects in many malignancies. However, diverse antitumor mechanisms of bortezomib have been identified in many investigations and preclinical studies. Understanding the molecular and cellular mechanisms through which bortezomib acts will improve the therapeutic utility of this drug in different cancer types. In the present study, we investigated the in vitro and in  vivo effects of bortezomib on chondrosarcoma. Bortezomib selectively inhibited cell growth in chondrosarcoma cells but not in normal articular cartilage cells. In addition to growth inhibition, apoptosis and cell cycle arrest, bortezomib triggered alleviation of migratory and invasive properties of chondrosarcoma cells. Mechanistically, signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (Stat3) and its downstream targets Bcl-2, cyclin  D1 and c-Myc was inactivated by bortezomib treatment. Accordingly, small interfering RNA (siRNA)-mediated Stat3 knockdown enhanced bortezomib-induced apoptosis, and concomitantly enhanced the inhibitory effect of bortezomib on cell viability, migration and invasion. Moreover, while Slug, MMP9, MMP2, CD44, N-cadherin and vimentin, the mesenchymal cell markers, were repressed by bortezomib concomitant increased expression of E-cadherin was observed. In  vivo, bortezomib downregulated Stat3 activity and mesenchymal cell marker expression, induced apoptosis and inhibition of metastasis and tumor growth. Together, inactivation of Stat3 signaling contributes to bortezomib-induced inhibition of tumor growth, migration and invation on chondrosarcoma. Bortezomib demonstrates an antineoplastic role on chondrosarcoma both in  vitro and in  vivo. These beneficial effects can be explained by bortezomib-mediated Stat3 supression. The present study suggests a promising therapeutics target in chondrosarcoma and probably in other kinds of metastatic malignant tumors.
28000898|a|The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of NF-kB inactivation in regorafenib-induced apoptosis in human hepatocellular carcinoma SK-HEP-1 cells. SK-HEP-1 cells were treated with different concentrations of the NF-kB inhibitor 4-N-[2-(4-phenoxyphenyl)ethyl]quinazoline-4,6-diamine (QNZ) or regorafenib for different periods. The effects of QNZ and regorafenib on cell viability, expression of NF-kB-modulated anti-apoptotic proteins and apoptotic pathways were analyzed by the 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay, western blotting, DNA gel electrophoresis, flow cytometry and NF-kB reporter gene assay. Inhibitors of various kinases including AKT, c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), P38 and extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) were used to evaluate the mechanism of regorafenib-induced NF-kB inactivation. The results demonstrated that both QNZ and regorafenib significantly inhibited the expression of anti-apoptotic proteins and triggered extrinsic and intrinsic apoptosis. We also demonstrated that regorafenib inhibited NF-kB activation through ERK dephosphorylation. Taken all together, our findings indicate that regorafenib triggers extrinsic and intrinsic apoptosis through suppression of ERK/NF-kB activation in SK-HEP-1 cells.
28000899|a|The involvement of miR-367 in lung cancer development remains unclear. In the present study, we analyzed the expression of miR-367 in tumor and adjacent tissue samples from 113  patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) utilizing real-time PCR. miR-367 expression was significantly upregulated in the cancer tissues compared with non-cancer controls. Based on the median value of the miR-367 expression level, we divided the NSCLC patients into miR-367 high-expression and miR-367 low-expression groups. Overexpression of miR-367 was correlated with a poorer prognosis of NSCLC patients Chi-square (  2) test showed a significant statistical correlation between tumor size, tumor stage, metastasis and miR-367 expression. Additionally, miR-367 expression was found to be negatively correlated with FBXW7 expression. Based on the above correlations, we performed a series of functional experiments to further confirm the effect of miR-367 on NSCLC. Our results indicated that miR-367 may be involved in the development and progression of NSCLC by promoting proliferation and invasion and impeding apoptosis in NSCLC cells. Furthermore, FBXW7 was identified as a potential target of miR-367, and FBXW7 silencing partially compromised the invasive, proliferative and migratory capacities in the cells with low miR-367 expression. Thus, the miR-367/FBXW7 axis may be involved in the development and progression of NSCLC and may be valuable as a therapeutic target for the treatment of human NSCLC, especially cancers with high invasive potential.
28000902|a|MicroRNA  -375 (miR  -375) serves an important role in cancer development and growth. However, little is known about the role of miR  -375 in the regulation of oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) metastasis and invasion. The present study measured the expression levels of miR  -375 in Tca8113, UM2, UM1 and CAL  -27 cell lines, using reverse transcription  -quantitative polymerase chain reaction. The results demonstrated that miR  -375 expression levels were significantly reduced in UM1 and CAL  -27 (highly metastatic) compared with Tca8113 and UM2 (less aggressive) OSCC cell lines. Furthermore, it was revealed that overexpression of miR  -375 suppressed the migration and invasion of UM1 cells. Based on a luciferase reporter assay, platelet  -derived growth factor  -A (PDGF  -A) was identified as a direct target gene of miR  -375. Additionally, overexpression of PDGF  -A significantly reversed the effect of miR  -375 on cell migration and invasion in UM1 cells. These data demonstrated that miR  -375 suppressed OSCC cell migration and invasion by targeting PDGF  -A, which may be a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of OSCC.
28000903|a|UNASSIGNED: The advent of human pluripotent stem cells, with the first derivation of human embryonic stem cells in 1998, and of human induced pluripotent stem cells in 2007, has ushered in an era of considerable excitement about the prospects of using these cells to develop new opportunities for healthcare, from their potential for regenerative medicine to their use as tools for studying the cellular basis of many diseases and the discovery of new drugs. But as with the flowering of many new areas in science, the biology of human pluripotent stem cells has its roots in a long history of, sometimes, less f  ted research. In a period when research funding is frequently driven by a desire to meet specific clinical or economic goals, it is salutary to remember that the opportunities offered by human pluripotent stem cells have their origins in curiosity driven research without any of those goals in mind. In this case, that research focused on the relatively rare gonadal cancers known as teratomas, tumors that have fascinated people since antiquity because their sometime grotesque manifestations with haphazard collections of tissues and sometimes recognizable body parts. Although well known to clinical pathologists it was the pioneering work of Leroy Stevens, who first discovered that teratomas occur at a significant rate in the 129 strain of the laboratory mouse and could be produced experimentally, that laid the foundations for our understanding of the biology of these tumors and the central role of the embryonal carcinoma cell, one of the archetypal tumor stem cells.
28000904|a|UNASSIGNED: In 2016, a symposium was convened in Leroy C. Stevens' honor, in association with a meeting of the International Stem Cell Initiative (ISCI). ISCI, funded internationally, is composed of a group of ~100 scientists from many countries, under the leadership of Peter Andrews, who have worked together to characterize a significant number of human pluripotent stem cell lines, to monitor their genetic stability and their differentiation into mature cell types and tissues in vitro and in vivo. Those at the ISCI meeting puzzled through one of the thorniest problems in the therapeutic use of the differentiated derivatives of pluripotent stem cells for human therapy; namely, pluripotent stem cells can differentiate into any cell type in the adult organism, but they also have the capacity for unlimited self-renewal, hence if mutated they may have tumorigenic potential. The meeting considered how these cells might become genetically or epigenetically abnormal and how the safety of these cells for human therapeutic uses could be assessed and assured. The symposium was an opportunity to pay tribute to Leroy Stevens and to the basic science origins of this newest aspect of regenerative medicine. It was a time to reflect on the past and on how it can influence the future of our field.
28000905|a|This atlas illustrates the microscopic features of tumors produced from human pluripotent stem cells (hPSCs) xenografted into immunosuppressed mice, according to the generally accepted protocols for performing this teratoma assay of stem cell pluripotency. Microphotographs depict various hematoxylin and eosin (H_E) stained tissues derived from all three embryonic germ layers (ectoderm, mesoderm and endoderm). The appearance of persistent hPSC in teratomas is also described with special emphasis on the morphogenesis of embryoid bodies and yolk sac components surrounding them. The use of immunohistochemistry for analyzing hPSC-derived teratomas is also illustrated.
28000915|a|Reproductive output and cognitive performance decline in parallel during aging, but it is unknown whether this reflects a shared genetic architecture or merely the declining force of natural selection acting independently on both traits. We used experimental evolution in Drosophila melanogaster to test for the presence of genetic variation for slowed cognitive aging, and assess its independence from that responsible for other traits' decline with age. Replicate experimental populations experienced either joint selection on learning and reproduction at old age (Old + Learning), selection on late-life reproduction alone (Old), or a standard two-week culture regime (Young). Within 20 generations, the Old + Learning populations evolved a slower decline in learning with age than both the Old and Young populations, revealing genetic variation for cognitive aging. We found little evidence for a genetic correlation between cognitive and demographic aging: although the Old + Learning populations tended to show higher late-life fecundity than Old populations, they did not live longer. Likewise, selection for late reproduction alone did not result in improved late-life learning. Our results demonstrate that Drosophila harbor genetic variation for cognitive aging that is largely independent from genetic variation for demographic aging and suggest that these two aspects of aging may not necessarily follow the same trajectories.
28000917|a|A substantive obstacle to experimentally studying cigarette smoking and use of other tobacco products in pregnant women is the risk of adverse effects on mother and fetus from experimenter administration of the product of interest. The purpose of this study is to investigate bypassing that obstacle by using behavioral economic simulation tasks. In the present study we used the Cigarette Purchase Task (CPT) to simulate changes in demand for hypothetical cigarettes as a function of varying cigarette prices. Participants were 95 pregnant women who completed the CPT prior to participation in a smoking-cessation trial. Aggregate and individual participant demand varied as an orderly function of price and those changes were well fitted by an exponential equation. Demand also varied in correspondence to two well-validated predictors of individual differences in smoking cessation among pregnant women (cigarettes smoked per day, pre-pregnancy quit attempts). Moreover, CPT indices were more effective than these two conventional variables in predicting individual differences in whether women made a quit attempt during the current pregnancy. Overall, these results represent a promising step in demonstrating the validity and utility of the CPT for experimentally examining demand for cigarettes, and potentially other tobacco and nicotine delivery products, among pregnant women.
28000918|a|Senegalese sole (Solea senegalensis, Kaup) is a promising flatfish species in aquaculture. However, skeletal anomalies are still a great concern in sole farming. Investigation of this issue is crucial to improving larval quality and optimizing production. The aim of this study was to thoroughly assess anomalies in the rachis of reared sole at early developmental stages. Sole (n  =  507) were sampled at 31 or 32  days after hatching (dah). The specimens were stained with alcian blue and alizarin red and evaluated for the detection of vertebral deformities. Most fish presented 9:34:3 vertebrae in abdominal, caudal and caudal complex regions, respectively. Remarkably, all specimens showed at least one spinal anomaly. Alterations of neural/haemal elements, as well as deformities of hypurals, parhypural and epural, were recurrent. Vertebral body anomalies and/or vertebral column deviations were identified in 52% of the individuals. Vertebral deformations and fusions were common, especially in caudal complex. 'Minor' anomalies were predominant, and some of the detected disorders might be a result of non-/low-pathological processes. These results contribute a new insight into the main skeletal anomalies affecting cultured sole larvae. Further research is required to determine their impact on fish welfare and external appearances at commercial stages.
28000930|a|OBJECTIVE: The present study extended recent work on communal narcissism to a sample of at-risk adolescents. Although narcissism is widely considered an agentic personality construct, Gebauer and colleagues (Gebauer, Sedikides, Verplanken, _ Maio, 2012) demonstrated the existence and utility of a communal narcissism construct in adults. The extent to which this variant of narcissism applies to adolescents is not yet known. Because communal narcissism (e.g., feeling that one is the most helpful, is a great influence on others, will bring about world peace) may actually be aversive to others, we investigated the associated self- and peer perceptions of adolescent communal narcissism. METHOD: Participants were 136 adolescents (104 males, 32 females; 52.2% White, 42.2% Black, 5.6% Other) aged 16-19, who were attending a 22-week residential program together. Participants completed self-report measures of narcissism and interpersonal behavior, as well as a peer nomination procedure. RESULTS: Self-reported communal narcissism was significantly related to self-reported pro-social behavior but was associated with peer-reported aggression, similar to the findings for nonpathological narcissism, which is considered agentic. CONCLUSIONS: Adolescent communal narcissism appears to be tied to negative peer perceptions. The implications for understanding the interpersonal consequences of adolescent grandiosity in communal domains are discussed.
28000931|a|BACKGROUND: Three meta-analyses have summarized the effects of preoperative carbohydrate administration on postoperative outcomes in adult patients undergoing elective surgery. However, these studies could not account for the different doses of carbohydrate administered and the different controls used. Multiple-treatments meta-analysis allows robust synthesis of all available evidence in these situations. METHODS: Article databases were searched systematically for RCTs comparing preoperative carbohydrate administration with water, a placebo drink, or fasting. A four-treatment multiple-treatments meta-analysis was performed comparing two carbohydrate dose groups (low, 10-44   g; high, 45   g or more) with two control groups (fasting; water or placebo). Primary outcomes were length of hospital stay and postoperative complication rate. Secondary outcomes included postoperative insulin resistance, vomiting and fatigue. RESULTS: Some 43 trials involving 3110 participants were included. Compared with fasting, preoperative low-dose and high-dose carbohydrate administration decreased postoperative length of stay by 0  4 (95 per cent c.i. 0  03 to 0  7) and 0  2 (0  04 to 0  4) days respectively. There was no significant decrease in length of stay compared with water or placebo. There was no statistically significant difference in the postoperative complication rate, or in most of the secondary outcomes, between carbohydrate and control groups. CONCLUSION: Carbohydrate loading before elective surgery conferred a small reduction in length of postoperative hospital stay compared with fasting, and no benefit in comparison with water or placebo.
28000933|a|
28000934|a|
28000935|a|
28000936|a|
28000940|a|
28000956|a|UNASSIGNED: Paraoxonase and arylesterase enzymes are corner stones of antioxidant defence. We aimed to compare azoospermic infertile men and normozoospermic individuals with respect to total antioxidant status (TAS), total oxidant status (TOS), oxidative stress index (OSI), paraoxonase and arylesterase levels in the blood and seminal plasma. Two-hundred consecutive infertility patients and voluntarily participated were included. In the normozoospermic group, TAS, PON, arylesterase values were statistically significantly higher when compared with those in the azoospermic group, while lower TOS and OSI levels were observed in the blood and seminal plasma of azoospermic group. In the semen analyses of normozoospermic group, the correlation between semen volume, sperm concentration, sperm motility and morphology and TAS, TOS, OSI, PON and arylesterase values was examined. A negative correlation was determined between semen volume and OSI. Levels of serum oxidative parameters were higher in the azoospermic group relative to normozoospermic group, but antioxidant parameters were lower than those of the normozoospermic group. Oxidative stress performs an essential role in the aetiology of male infertility by negatively influencing sperm quality and function. Assessment of blood and seminal plasma oxidative profiles might be an important tool to better evaluation of sperm reproductive capacity and functional competence.
28000957|a|When competing for space and resources, bacteria produce toxins known as bacteriocins to gain an advantage over competitors. Recent studies in the laboratory have confirmed theoretical predictions that bacteriocin production can determine coexistence, by eradicating sensitive competitors or driving the emergence of resistant genotypes. However, there is currently limited evidence that bacteriocin-mediated competition influences the coexistence and distribution of genotypes in natural environments, and what factors drive interactions towards inhibition remain unclear. Using natural soil populations of Pseudomonas fluorescens, we assessed the ability of the isolates to inhibit one another with respect to spatial proximity in the field, genetic similarity and niche overlap. The majority of isolates were found to produce bacteriocins; however, widespread resistance between coexisting isolates meant relatively few interactions resulted in inhibition. When inhibition did occur, it occurred more frequently between ecologically similar isolates. However, in contrast with results from other natural populations, we found no relationship between the frequency of inhibition and the genetic similarity of competitors. Our results suggest that bacteriocin production plays an important role in mediating competition over resources in natural settings and, by selecting for isolates resistant to local bacteriocin production, can influence the assembly of natural populations of P.  fluorescens.
28000959|a|UNASSIGNED: A lanthanide cluster, PCC-72, which is the second largest, with 72 Dy(III) ions assembled into an unprecedented tubular structure, is synthesized. Remarkably, PCC-72 exhibits superionic proton conductivity (>10(-4) S cm(-1) ) under both ambient (with relative humidity RH < 75%) and hot (T > 90   C, RH = 95%) conditions. Moreover, slow magnetic relaxation is observed, making PCC-72 the largest Dy(III) cluster that is a single-molecule magnet.
28000965|a|UNASSIGNED: Recent evidence suggests that experienced events are often mapped to too many episodic states, including those that are logically or experimentally incompatible with one another. For example, episodic over-distribution patterns show that the probability of accepting an item under different mutually exclusive conditions violates the disjunction rule. A related example, called subadditivity, occurs when the probability of accepting an item under mutually exclusive and exhaustive instruction conditions sums to a number >1. Both the over-distribution effect and subadditivity have been widely observed in item and source-memory paradigms. These phenomena are difficult to explain using standard memory frameworks, such as signal-detection theory. A dual-trace model called the over-distribution (OD) model (Brainerd _ Reyna, 2008) can explain the episodic over-distribution effect, but not subadditivity. Our goal is to develop a model that can explain both effects. In this paper, we propose the Generalized Quantum Episodic Memory (GQEM) model, which extends the Quantum Episodic Memory (QEM) model developed by Brainerd, Wang, and Reyna (2013). We test GQEM by comparing it to the OD model using data from a novel item-memory experiment and a previously published source-memory experiment (Kellen, Singmann, _ Klauer, 2014) examining the over-distribution effect. Using the best-fit parameters from the over-distribution experiments, we conclude by showing that the GQEM model can also account for subadditivity. Overall these results add to a growing body of evidence suggesting that quantum probability theory is a valuable tool in modeling recognition memory.
28000966|a|Although traditional economic models posit that money is fungible, psychological research abounds with examples that deviate from this assumption. Across eight experiments, we provide evidence that people construe physical currency as carrying traces of its moral history. In Experiments 1 and 2, people report being less likely to want money with negative moral history (i.e., stolen money). Experiments 3-5 provide evidence against an alternative account that people's judgments merely reflect beliefs about the consequences of accepting stolen money rather than moral sensitivity. Experiment 6 examines whether an aversion to stolen money may reflect contamination concerns, and Experiment 7 indicates that people report they would donate stolen money, thereby counteracting its negative history with a positive act. Finally, Experiment 8 demonstrates that, even in their recall of actual events, people report a reduced tendency to accept tainted money. Altogether, these findings suggest a robust tendency to evaluate money based on its moral history, even though it is designed to participate in exchanges that effectively erase its origins.
28000967|a|UNASSIGNED: Retrospective analysis of monthly embryo production from December 2011 to May 2015 and its correlation with meteorological data in our geographic zone was made. We had observed that in certain time of the year, in vitro blastocyst production decreases. Accordingly, was examined the association between blastocyst production and climatological parameters. Cleavage rates correlate positively with blastocyst rates (p  <  .05). Significant differences in cleavage rates between autumn and summer (79.8%; 71.5%), and between winter and autumn (71.8%; 79.8%), were found. Blastocyst production had lower efficiency in June (9      12%) and July (4.9      5.7%), which coincides with winter season. In contrast, higher embryo production was obtained in February (22.2      9.7%), March (22.9      14%) and September (25.2      6.6%), which coincides with autumn and spring season. Similarly, embryo production correlates with meteorological parameters: blastocyst production positively correlates with sunshine hours, maximum temperature and average temperature. Similarly, blastocyst production inversely correlates with total precipitation and days >1  mm precipitation (p  <  .05). There is a significant decrease in bovine in vitro embryo production efficiency during winter season in our warm-summer Mediterranean climate zone. It remains to be investigated the direct effect of environmental factors on oocyte quality and its impact on in vitro production efficiency.
28000968|a|UNASSIGNED: A conformationally adaptive macrocycle is presented, namely zorb[4]arene, which exists in multiple conformations in the uncomplexed state. The binding cavity of zorb[4]arene is concealed, either due to a collapsed conformation or by self-inclusion. The zorb[4]arene with long alkyl chains manifests itself with surprisingly low melting point and thus exist as an oil at room temperature. Binding of a guest molecule induces the folding and conformational rigidity of zorb[4]arene and leads to well-defined three-dimensional structures, which can further self-assemble into nanosheets or nanotubes upon solvent evaporation, depending on guest molecules and the conformations they can induce.
28000979|a|UNASSIGNED: A combination of Cp*Rh(III) -catalyzed C-H activation and Wagner-Meerwein-type rearrangement was successfully achieved for the first time. Thus, bridged polycyclic molecules that are not readily accessible by other means were accessed under mild conditions with high efficiency (as low as 0.5   mol   % Rh catalyst) in the coupling of N-phenoxyacetamide with 7-azabenzonorbornadiene.
28000980|a|In Australia and internationally, Peer Workers are increasingly being incorporated into the mental health workforce. Underpinning this trend is the conviction that the inclusion of workers with lived experience in overcoming mental health challenges is central to transforming service delivery. Given there are few identified Australian studies into the experiences of Peer Workers, this paper reports findings from qualitative interviews conducted in a Partners In Recovery programme in one regional area in Australia. The interviews formed part of a larger mixed-method study evaluating Peer Worker roles in the programme. Thematic analysis of interview transcripts with Peer Workers and other staff employed in the programme (n  =  22) was undertaken. Central to the five themes that emerged was the concept of lived experience expertise in overcoming mental health challenges. The themes were: (i) role variance, (ii) the challenges and opportunities for Peer Worker, (iii) the processes Peer Workers employed as they attempted to shape an identify and language, (iv) the inconsistencies and challenges of employing lived experience as a defining feature of the peer worker role, and (v) the nature of trust arising from lived experience relationships. From this study, it is evident that the Peer Worker role remains underdeveloped. The difficulties experienced by Peer Workers in establishing a homogenous identity and role is not unique. The process and lack of clarity around role identity revealed from the narratives, parallels the experiences of Mental Health Nursing.
28000981|a|New applications of Pd-catalyzed coupling reactions (Suzuki-Miyaura, Sonogashira, and Stille-Migita coupling) for post-conjugation of nucleic acids have been developed recently. Breakthroughs in this area might now pave the way for the development of sophisticated DNA probes, which might be of great interest in chemical biology, nanotechnology, and bioanalysis, as well as in diagnostic domains.
28000982|a|
28000983|a|PURPOSE: To assess the effect of elevated core body temperature on temporal and spatial contrast sensitivity and retinal vessel diameters. METHODS: The study included 13 healthy volunteers aged 20-37  years. Core body temperature elevation (target +1.1  C) was induced by wrapping the participants in cling film, tinfoil and warming blankets. Subsequent cooling was achieved by undressing. Flicker sensitivity (critical flicker fusion frequency) was chosen to assess temporal resolution, while the Freiburg Vision Test was used to determine spatial contrast sensitivity at 1.5 cycles per degree. Scanning laser ophthalmoscopy was used to measure retinal trunk vessel diameters. Assessment was made at baseline, during hyperthermia and after cooling. RESULTS: The induction of a mean increase in core body temperature of 1.02  C was associated with a 7.15-mmHg mean reduction in systolic blood pressure (p  <  0.01), a 10.6-mmHg mean reduction in diastolic blood pressure (p  <  0.01), a mean increase in pulse rate of 36.3  bpm (p  <  0.0001), a 2.66% improvement in flicker sensitivity (CI95 1.37-3.94, p  <  0.001), a 2.80% increase in retinal artery diameters (CI95 1.09-4.51, p  <  0.01) and a 2.95% increase in retinal vein diameters (CI95 0.96-4.94, p  <  0.01). There was no detectable effect of temperature on spatial contrast sensitivity. All ocular test parameters returned to baseline levels after cooling. CONCLUSION: Increased core body temperature was accompanied by improved temporal visual resolution and retinal trunk vessel dilation. The results suggest that hyperthermia is associated with enhanced retinal function and increased retinal metabolism.
28000984|a|
28000990|a|
28000997|a|The family of iodido Os(II) arene phenylazopyridine complexes [Os(  (6) -p-cym)(5-R(1) -pyridylazo-4-R(2) -phenyl))I](+) (where p-cym=para-cymene) exhibit potent sub-micromolar antiproliferative activity towards human cancer cells and are active in vivo. Their chemical behavior is distinct from that of cisplatin: they do not readily hydrolyze, nor bind to DNA bases. We report here a mechanism by which they are activated in cancer cells, involving release of the I(-) ligand in the presence of glutathione (GSH). The X-ray crystal structures of two active complexes are reported, 1-I (R(1) =OEt, R(2) =H) and 2-I (R(1) =H, R(2) =NMe2 ). They were labelled with the radionuclide (131) I (b(-) /y emitter, t1/2 8.02   d), and their activity in MCF-7 human breast cancer cells was studied. 1-[(131) I] and 2-[(131) I] exhibit good stability in both phosphate-buffered saline and blood serum. In contrast, once taken up by MCF-7 cells, the iodide ligand is rapidly pumped out. Intriguingly, GSH catalyzes their hydrolysis. The resulting hydroxido complexes can form thiolato and sulfenato adducts with GSH, and react with H2 O2 generating hydroxyl radicals. These findings shed new light on the mechanism of action of these organo-osmium complexes.
28000999|a|UNASSIGNED: Several studies showed that chronic pain causes reorganization and functional alterations of supraspinal brain regions. The nociceptin-NOP receptor system is one of the major systems involved in pain control and much evidence also suggested its implication in stress, anxiety and depression. Therefore, we investigated the nociceptin-NOP system alterations in selected brain regions in a neuropathic pain murine model. Fourteen days after the common sciatic nerve ligature, polymerase chain reaction (PCR) analysis indicated a significant decrease of pronociceptin and NOP receptor mRNA levels in the thalamus; these alterations could contribute to the decrease of the thalamic inhibitory function reported in neuropathic pain condition. Nociceptin peptide and NOP mRNA increased in the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) and not in the somatosensory cortex, suggesting a peculiar involvement of this system in pain regulating circuitry. Similarly to the ACC, an increase of nociceptin peptide levels was observed in the amygdala. Finally, the pronociceptin and NOP mRNAs decrease observed in the hypothalamus reflects the lack of hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis activation, already reported in neuropathic pain models. Our data indicate that neuropathic pain conditions affect the supraspinal nociceptin-NOP system which is also altered in regions known to play a role in emotional aspects of pain.
28001004|a|UNASSIGNED: In order to improve docking score correction, we developed several structure-based quantitative structure activity relationship (QSAR) models by protein-drug docking simulations and applied these models to public affinity data. The prediction models used descriptor-based regression, and the compound descriptor was a set of docking scores against multiple (   600) proteins including nontargets. The binding free energy that corresponded to the docking score was approximated by a weighted average of docking scores for multiple proteins, and we tried linear, weighted linear and polynomial regression models considering the compound similarities. In addition, we tried a combination of these regression models for individual data sets such as IC50 , Ki , and %inhibition values. The cross-validation results showed that the weighted linear model was more accurate than the simple linear regression model. Thus, the QSAR approaches based on the affinity data of public databases should improve docking scores.
28001006|a|
28001007|a|
28001009|a|The X files: This Editorial welcomes you to Volume   10 of ChemSusChem! It contains a look at some of the statistics and highlights from 2016, as well as some of our plans for 2017. The truth is in here!
28001010|a|OBJECTIVE: Lipopolysaccharide binding protein (LBP) is part of a family of structurally and functionally related lipid transfer proteins. This study aimed to investigate the associations of LBP with the lipid composition of human adipose tissue. METHODS: Lipidomic analysis was performed in whole adipose tissue. To validate the associations found, LBP was knocked down (KD) in 3T3-L1 adipocytes, and lipidomic profile was evaluated by nontargeted lipidomics. RESULTS: LBP gene expression was negatively associated with phosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylserine, and sphingomyelin relative abundance in vivo. LBP expression was also decreased in those samples with the highest docosahexanoic content, implicated in the resolution of inflammation. The KD of LBP (by    70%) led to sharp changes in the lipidome of adipocytes. Of note, specific plasmalogen species PE(O-16:0/22:5), PE(38:2), odd chain glycerolipids, and cholesteryl linoleate were upregulated by LBP KD. In contrast, GM3 gangliosides, several ceramides, a triacylglycerol potentially containing arachidonate, and cholesteryl palmitate were downregulated by LBP KD. CONCLUSIONS: LBP seems to play a role in the regulation of lipid composition of adipose tissue linked to resilience to inflammation.
28001011|a|BACKGROUND: Vascular complications are an important cause of morbidity in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). Endothelial dysfunction is an early marker of atherosclerosis and has already been shown in macrocirculation of diabetic patients; however, data on endothelial function of microcirculation is scarce. Our aim was to evaluate endothelial function in macro- and microcirculation and their interrelationship in patients with type 1 and 2 DM. METHODS: The study included 30 patients with type 1 DM, 30 patients with type 2 DM and 25 healthy controls. The endothelial function of large arteries was studied measuring flow-mediated dilation (FMD). Peripheral arterial tonometry was used for investigation of the endothelial function of microcirculation, measuring Reactive Hyperemia Index (RHI) and Augmentation Index (AI). RESULTS: In comparison to controls, both DM groups had decreased FMD: type 1 (4.0  5.0% vs. 10.0  7.8%, P=0.005) and type 2 (5.0  0.6% vs. 10.0  7.8%, P=0.007). However, only type 2 DM group had a lower RHI (1.71  0.44 vs. 2.05  0.54, P=0.017) in comparison to controls. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with type 1 and 2 DM had deteriorated functional capability of macrocirculation. However, endothelial dysfunction of microcirculation was present only in type 2 DM patients. Type 2 DM patients were also at higher risk for atherosclerosis because of the more frequent presence of risk factors.
28001012|a|UNASSIGNED: Iodine nutrition is a result of geological conditions, iodine fortification and monitoring strategies within a country together with the dietary habits of the population. This review summarizes the basis for the current iodine situation in the Scandinavian countries in order to identify gaps in knowledge, determine necessary future steps, highlight landmarks in Scandinavian iodine research and consider ongoing studies in Scandinavian countries with high international impact. Historically, iodine deficiency disorders such as goiter were common in Norway and Sweden, but not in Denmark. Different strategies have been used in Scandinavia to improve iodine nutrition. The major source of iodine is iodized salt in Sweden and from milk and dairy products in Norway. In Denmark, drinking water, milk, dairy products and iodized salt used in commercial production of bread are the important sources of iodine. The current iodine status in Scandinavia is not optimal and action is ongoing to increase iodination in Denmark, where there is mild iodine deficiency in the general population. Data from all three countries indicate insufficient iodine nutrition during pregnancy and there is a need for data from children, adolescents and young women. Monitoring a population's iodine status and dietary iodine sources is necessary to secure iodine nutrition in Scandinavia. Ongoing studies in Scandinavia will contribute significantly to the knowledge about the effects of mild to moderate iodine deficiency.
28001020|a|
28001021|a|BACKGROUND: There is no consensual definition of diminished ovarian reserve and the best therapeutic strategy has not yet been demonstrated. METHODS: We performed a retrospective study to evaluate outcomes following a first in-vitro fertilization/intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection (IVF/ICSI) cycle in young women with diminished ovarian reserve. Women with tubal factor, endometriosis or previous stimulation cycle were excluded. We defined diminished ovarian reserve as women <= 38 years with an AMH <= 1.1 ng/mL or antral follicular count <= 7. RESULTS: Among 59 IVF/ICSI cycles (40% IVF/60% ICSI), the pregnancy rate was 17% (10/59) and live birth rate 8.5% (5/59). Miscarriage rate was 50%. Baseline characteristics and IVF outcomes of the pregnant and not pregnant women were compared. No differences in age, antral follicular count, AMH, protocol used or number of harvested oocytes were found between the groups. A higher gonadotropin starting dose in the pregnancy group (397.5  87 IU vs. 314.8  103 IU; P=0.02) and a trend to a higher total dose received (4720  1349 IU vs. 3871  1367 IU; P=0.07) were noted. CONCLUSIONS: The present study confirms that women with diminished ovarian reserve have low live birth rates after a first IVF-ICSI cycle and that a higher gonadotropin starting dose might be associated with better outcomes.
28001022|a|Understanding and applying the epidemiology and lifetime risk of surgery for stress urinary incontinence (SUI) and pelvic organ prolapse (POP) is necessary to provide quality care to a growing and aging female population. Both SUI and POP are prevalent medical conditions, affecting 15-17% and 3-6% of women respectively. While generally not life-threatening, they represent a significant public health burden as they are associated with a decreased quality of life and significant economic impact. Although treatment is considered elective, for many women, the decision to address SUI or POP is necessary in order to regain a normal lifestyle and the lifetime risk for undergoing surgery to address either stress urinary incontinence or pelvic organ prolapse is 20.5%. This review includes a brief overview of the epidemiology of both disorders, followed by discussion of both landmark and recent literature regarding the lifetime risk of surgery for either disorder. Additionally, we will review re-operation rates, trends in management, and future care needs.
28001023|a|INTRODUCTION: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the fifth-most common cancer. Recent studies have demonstrated that there was a relationship between modified Glasgow prognostic score (mGPS) and survival of HCC. However, the results were inconsistent. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: The following databases were searched for relevant articles published up until June 2016: PubMed; EMBASE; Web of Science and the China National Knowledge Infrastructure. The strength of association between mGPS and OS of HCC was estimated by pooled HRs with corresponding 95% CIs. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: Seven studies with 2047 HCC patients were included in this meta-analysis. The mGPS was an independent marker of poor prognosis in patients with HCC (HR=2.21; 95%CI, 1.73-2.82; I2=51%). In the subgroup analysis of study design, both prospective studies (HR=1.68; 95%CI, 1.35-2.11; I2=0%) and retrospective studies (HR=2.64; 95%CI, 1.92-3.62; I2=39%) with higher mGPS had shorter OS. The patients with resectable HCC and high mGPS also showed shorter OS (HR=2.33; 95%CI, 1.65-3.29; I2=63%). In the subgroup analysis by sample size, both large sample size studies (HR=2.56; 95%CI, 1.50-4.38; I2=72%) and small sample size studies (HR=2.00; 95%CI, 1.62-2.48; I2=0%) showed the same results. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, this meta-analysis suggested that mGPS might be an independent prognostic factor for HCC.
28001032|a|Pt-doped mesoporous Ti(3+) self-doped TiO2 (Pt-Ti(3+)/TiO2) is in situ synthesized via an ionothermal route, by treating metallic Ti in an ionic liquid containing LiOAc, HOAc, and a H2PtCl6 aqueous solution under mild ionothermal conditions. Such Ti(3+)-enriched environment, as well as oxygen vacancies, is proven to be effective for allowing the in situ reduction of Pt(4+) ions uniformly located in the framework of the TiO2 bulk. The photocatalytic H2 evolution of Pt-Ti(3+)/TiO2 is significantly higher than that of the photoreduced Pt loaded on the original TiO2 and commercial P25. Such greatly enhanced activity is due to the various valence states of Pt (Pt(n+), n = 0, 2, or 3), forming Pt-O bonds embedded in the framework of TiO2 and ultrafine Pt metal nanoparticles on the surface of TiO2. Such Pt(n+)-O bonds could act as the bridges for facilitating the photogenerated electron transfer from the bulk to the surface of TiO2 with a higher electron carrier density (3.11 * 10(20) cm(-3)), about 2.5 times that (1.25 * 10(20) cm(-3)) of the photoreduced Pt-Ti(3+)/TiO2 sample. Thus, more photogenerated electrons could reach the Pt metal for reducing protons to H2.
28001033|a|UNASSIGNED: Superamphiphobic coatings with low sliding angles (SAs) and high durability are very attractive in academic and industrial areas but are very challenging to invent. Here, inspired by Maya Blue, we report for the first time colorful superamphiphobic coatings with low SAs and high durability by the combination of natural palygorskite (PAL) nanorods and organosilanes. The coatings were characterized using a wide range of electron microscopy and other analytical techniques. Different from the previously reported methods, the micro/nanostructure of the superamphiphobic coatings were constructed by using the abundant natural PAL nanorods as the building blocks. Superamphiphobicity of the coatings depends on surface morphology and chemical composition of the coatings, which can be regulated by the concentrations of PAL and organosilanes. The colorful superamphiphobic coatings feature high contact angles and low SAs for various liquids, including water and n-decane. The coatings also showed high mechanical, environmental, chemical, and thermal durability even under harsh conditions. Moreover, the coatings in different colors with comparable superamphiphobicity and durability can be prepared using different cationic dyes applied onto various substrates via the same approach. The colorful superamphiphobic coatings with low SAs and high durability may be useful in various fields, e.g., anticreeping of oils and restoration of cultural relics.
28001041|a|UNASSIGNED: Ultrasound imaging is a safe, low-cost, and in situ method for detecting in vivo medical devices. A poly(methyl-2-cyanoacrylate) film containing 2  m boron-doped, calcined, porous silica microshells was developed as an ultrasound imaging marker for multiple medical devices. A macrophase separation drove the gas-filled porous silica microshells to the top surface of the polymer film by controlled curing of the cyanoacrylate glue and the amount of microshell loading. A thin film of polymer blocked the wall pores of the microshells to seal air in their hollow core, which served as an ultrasound contrast agent. The ultrasound activity disappeared when curing conditions were modified to prevent the macrophase segregation. Phase segregated films were attached to multiple surgical tools and needles and gave strong color Doppler signals in vitro and in vivo with the use of a clinical ultrasound imaging instrument. Postprocessing of the simultaneous color Doppler and B-mode images can be used for autonomous identification of implanted surgical items by correlating the two images. The thin films were also hydrophobic, thereby extending the lifetime of ultrasound signals to hours of imaging in tissues by preventing liquid penetration. This technology can be used as a coating to guide the placement of implantable medical devices or used to image and help remove retained surgical items.
28001042|a|Ferredoxins play an important role as an electron donor in iron-sulfur (Fe-S) cluster biosynthesis. Two ferredoxins, human mitochondrial ferredoxin 1 (FDX1) and human mitochondrial ferredoxin 2 (FDX2), are present in the matrix of human mitochondria. Conflicting results have been reported regarding their respective function in mitochondrial iron-sulfur cluster biogenesis. We report here biophysical studies of the interaction of these two ferredoxins with other proteins involved in mitochondrial iron-sulfur cluster assembly. Results from nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy show that both FDX1 and FDX2 (in both their reduced and oxidized states) interact with the protein complex responsible for cluster assembly, which contains cysteine desulfurase (NFS1), ISD11 (also known as LYRM4), and acyl carrier protein (Acp). In all cases, ferredoxin residues close to the Fe-S cluster are involved in the interaction with this complex. Isothermal titration calorimetry results showed that FDX2 binds more tightly to the cysteine desulfurase complex than FDX1 does. The reduced form of each ferredoxin became oxidized in the presence of the cysteine desulfurase complex when l-cysteine was added, leading to its conversion to l-alanine and the generation of sulfide. In an in vitro reaction, the reduced form of each ferredoxin was found to support Fe-S cluster assembly on ISCU; the rate of cluster assembly was faster with FDX2 than with FDX1. Taken together, these results show that both FDX1 and FDX2 can function in Fe-S cluster assembly in vitro.
28001053|a|UNASSIGNED: Currently, there is a trend toward an increasing use of biopesticides assumed to be environmentally friendly, such as Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt). Studies of the Bt toxicity to nontarget organisms have reported low effects at high exposure levels, which is interpreted as indicating negligible risk to nontarget organisms. We investigated the response of the nontarget organism Daphnia magna to waterborne DiPel ES, a globally used Bt formulation. Neonates and adults were exposed for 48 h to a wide range of concentrations, and immobilization and mortality were monitored. Whole body biomarkers (body weight, protein, chitobiase, catalase, xenobiotic metabolism, and acetylcholinesterase) were measured in the adults. The immobilization and mortality of the neonates were affected in a nonmonotonic and inverted U-shaped pattern with EC50s that were    10(5)-fold lower than those reported by the manufacturer. The immobilization of adults demonstrated a similar pattern, but significant mortality was not observed. The biomarker results revealed multiphasic dose-response curves, which suggested toxicity mechanisms that affected various physiological pathways. The main particle size in exposure media was in the size range of bacterial spores and crystal toxins. However, the chemical heterogeneity was nonmonotonic, with a change in the phase at the maximum of toxicity (   5  L L(-1)), which might explain the observed nonmonotonic effects. These results demonstrate the vulnerability of a nontarget organism to a biopesticide that is considered to be safe, while challenging the universal applicability of the central ecotoxicological assumption of monotonicity.
28001054|a|UNASSIGNED: Amphibian declines have been linked to numerous factors, including pesticide use and the fungal pathogen Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis (Bd). Moreover, research has suggested a link between amphibian sensitivity to Bd and pesticide exposure. We simultaneously exposed postmetamorphic American toads (Anaxyrus americanus), western toads (A. boreas), spring peepers (Pseudacris crucifer), Pacific treefrogs (P. regilla), leopard frogs (Lithobates pipiens), and Cascades frogs (Rana cascadae) to a factorial combination of two pathogen treatments (Bd(+), Bd(-)) and four pesticide treatments (control, ethanol vehicle, herbicide mixture, and insecticide mixture) for 14 d to quantify survival and infection load. We found no interactive effects of pesticides and Bd on anuran survival and no effects of pesticides on infection load. Mortality following Bd exposure increased in spring peepers and American toads and was dependent upon snout-vent length in western toads, American toads, and Pacific treefrogs. Previous studies reported effects of early sublethal pesticide exposure on amphibian Bd sensitivity and infection load at later life stages, but we found simultaneous exposure to sublethal pesticide concentrations and Bd had no such effect on postmetamorphic juvenile anurans. Future research investigating complex interactions between pesticides and Bd should employ a variety of pesticide formulations and Bd strains and follow the effects of exposure throughout ontogeny.
28001059|a|Lithium-sulfur (Li-S) chemistry is projected to be one of the most promising for next-generation battery technology, and controlling the inherent "polysulfide shuttle" process has become a key research topic in the field. Regulating intermediary polysulfide dissolution by understanding the metamorphosis is essential for realizing stable and high-energy-density Li-S batteries. As of yet, a clear consensus on the basic surface/interfacial properties of the sulfur electrode has not been achieved, although the catalytic phenomenon has been shown to result in enhanced cell stability. Herein, we present evidence that the polysulfide shuttle in a Li-S battery can be stabilized by using electrocatalytic transition metal dichalcogenides (TMDs). Physicochemical transformations at the electrode/electrolyte interface of atomically thin monolayer/few-layer TMDs were elucidated using a combination of spectroscopic and microscopic analysis techniques. Preferential adsorption of higher order liquid polysulfides and subsequent conversion to lower order solid species in the form of dendrite-like structures on the edge sites of TMDs have been demonstrated. Further, detailed electrochemical properties such as activation energy, exchange current density, rate capabilities, cycle life, etc. have been investigated by synthesizing catalytically active nanostructured TMDs in bulk quantity using a liquid-based shear-exfoliation method. Unveiling a specific capacity of 590 mAh  g(-1) at 0.5 C rate and stability over 350 cycles clearly indicates yet another promising application of two-dimensional TMDs.
28001060|a|UNASSIGNED: Antroquinonol (AQ) and 4-acetylantroquinonol B (4-AAQB), isolated from the mycelium of Antrodia cinnamomea, have a similar chemical backbone to coenzyme Q (CoQ). Based on the postulation that biosynthesis of both AQ and 4-AAQB in A. cinnamomea starts from the polyketide pathway, we cultivated this fungus in a culture medium containing [U-(13)C]oleic acid, and then we analyzed the crude extracts of the mycelium using UHPLC-MS. We found that AQ and 4-AAQB follow similar biosynthetic sequences as CoQ. Obvious [(13)C2] fragments on the ring backbone were detected in the mass spectrum for [(13)C2]AQ, [(13)C2]4-AAQB, and their [(13)C2] intermediates found in this study. The orsellinic acid, formed from acetyl-CoA and malonyl-CoA via the polyketide pathway, was found to be a novel benzoquinone ring precursor for AQ and 4-AAQB. The identification of endogenously synthesized farnesylated intermediates allows us to postulate the routes of AQ and 4-AAQB biosynthesis in A. cinnamomea.
28001061|a|Practical environmental and energy applications of the electrochemical reduction of CO2 to chemicals and fuels require far more efficient and selective electrocatalysts beyond the only working material Cu, but the wealth of experimental data on Cu can serve to validate any proposed mechanisms. To provide design guidelines, we use quantum mechanics to predict the detailed atomistic mechanisms responsible for C1 and C2 products on Cu. Thus, we report the pH dependent routes to the major products, methane and ethylene, and identify the key intermediates where branches to methanol, ketene, ethanol, acetylene, and ethane are kinetically blocked. We discovered that surface water on Cu plays a key role in the selectivity for hydrocarbon products over the oxygen-containing alcohol products by serving as a strong proton donor for electrochemical dehydration reductions. We suggest new experiments to validate our predicted mechanisms.
28001075|a|We have applied the systematic molecular fragmentation by annihilation (SMFA) fragmentation technique to glycine and DNA base pairs in water clusters, systems for which explicit solvation is believed to be important. The SMFA method was found to be capable of describing the structures, especially in handling the complexity of hydrogen bonding, with energies produced being comparable with those from full molecule results. Thus, the ability to break down large calculations into a manageable time without loss of accuracy shows promise for application to real biological systems for which these effects are relevant.
28001077|a|Cellular membranes containing sphingolipids and cholesterol have been shown to self-organize into lipid rafts-specialized domains that host integral membrane proteins and modulate the bioactivity of cells. In this work, force-distance profiles between raft membranes in the liquid-ordered phase consisting of singly unsaturated 1-palmitoyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine (POPC), a complex mixture of brain sphingomyelin (BSM), and cholesterol were measured using the surface force apparatus (SFA). Two distinct force profiles were detected corresponding to uniform raft membranes and raft membranes with a higher level of topological membrane defects (heterogeneous) as corroborated by atomic force microscopy (AFM) scans. In all cases a weak, long-range electrostatic repulsion was observed with some variation in the surface charge density. The variation in electrostatic repulsion was attributed to charged lipid species primarily from the constituent lipids in the BSM mixture. The adhesion between the uniform raft membranes was comparable to our previous work with pure component, liquid-ordered POPC-DPPC (1,2-dipalmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine)-cholesterol membranes. Raft membranes with more topological defects adhered more strongly owing to hydrophobic attraction between exposed acyl chains. Even though the rafts were in the liquid-ordered phase and membrane defects were present in the contact region, the raft membranes were stable, and no structural rearrangement was observed throughout the measurements. Our findings demonstrate that liquid-ordered membranes are stable to mechanical loading and not particularly sensitive to compositional variation.
28001078|a|Molybdenum trioxide (MoO3) is a well-known electrochromic material. In the present work, n-type a-MoO3 thin films with both direct and indirect band gaps were fabricated by varying the laser repetition (ablation) rate in a pulsed laser deposition (PLD) system at a constant reactive O2 pressure. The electrochromic properties of the films are compared and correlated to the microstructure and molecular-level coordination. Mixed amorphous and textured crystallites evolve at the microstructural level. At the molecular level, using NMR and EPR, we show that the change in the repetition rate results in a variation of the molybdenum coordination with oxygen: at low repetition rates (2 Hz), the larger the octahedral coordination, and greater the texture, whereas at 10 Hz, tetrahedral coordination is significant. The anion vacancies also introduce a large density of defect states into the band gap, as evidenced by XPS studies of the valence band and supported by DFT calculations. The electrochromic contrast improved remarkably by almost 100% at higher repetition rates whereas the switching speed decreased by almost 6-fold. Although the electrochromic contrast and coloration efficiency were better at higher repetition rates, the switching speed, reversibility, and stability were better at low repetition rates. This difference in the electrochromic properties of the two MoO3 films is attributed to the variation in the defect and molecular coordination states of the Mo cation.
28001082|a|Campylobacter is globally recognized as a major cause of foodborne infection in humans, whilst the development of antimicrobial resistance and the possibility of repelling therapy increase the threat to public health. Poultry is the most frequent source of Campylobacter infection in humans, and southeast Asia is a global leader in poultry production, consumption, and exports. Though three of the world's top 20 most populated countries are located in southeast Asia, the true burden of Campylobacter infection in the region has not been fully elucidated. Based on published data, Campylobacter has been reported in humans, animals, and food commodities in the region. To our knowledge, this study is the first to review the status of human Campylobacter infection in southeast Asia and to discuss future perspectives. Gaining insight into the true burden of the infection and prevalence levels of Campylobacter spp. in the southeast Asian region is essential to ensuring global and regional food safety through facilitating improvements in surveillance systems, food safety regulations, and mitigation strategies.
28001083|a|In the past decades, extensive studies have reported the potential chemopreventive activity of sulforaphane, an isothiocyanate derived from glucoraphanin, occurring in large amounts in Brassica genus plants. Sulforaphane was found to be active against several forms of cancer. A growing body of data shows that sulforaphane acts against cancer at different levels, from development to progression, through pleiotropic effects. In this review, we discuss the available experimental and clinical data on the potential therapeutic role of sulforaphane against cancer. Its effects range from the protection of cells from DNA damage to the modulation of the cell cycle via pro-apoptotic, anti-angiogenesis and anti-metastasis activities. At molecular level, sulforaphane modulates cellular homeostasis via the activation of the transcription factor Nrf2. Although data from clinical studies are limited, sulforaphane remains a good candidate in the adjuvant therapy based on natural molecules against several types of cancer.
28001085|a|BACKGROUND: Circulating biomarkers of dairy fat provide objective measures of dairy fat intake and facilitate conclusions relevant to populations with different diets and susceptibility to cardiovascular diseases (CVD). OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between circulating pentadecanoic acid (15:0), heptadecanoic acid (17:0) and trans-palmitoleic acid (trans-16:1n-7) and the risk of CVD. METHODS: Pubmed, Medline and Embase were searched for prospective cohort studies of the relationship between biomarkers of dairy fat and CVD risk, which included coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, heart failure and CVD mortality, supplemented by bibliographies of retrieved articles and previous reviews. For each study, relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were extracted and pooled with the random effect model. RESULTS: Thirteen studies involving 7,680 CVD cases were included. The pooled RRs of the risk of CVD for the top third vs. bottom third 15:0, 17:0 and trans-16:1n-7 level were 0.94 (95%CI: 0.77-1.15), 0.82 (95% CI: 0.68-0.99) and 0.82 (95% CI: 0.67-1.02), respectively. Subgroup analysis indicated that there were no associations between the concentration of 15:0 with CHD and stroke, but a negative relationship with heart failure (RR = 0.72, 95% CI: 0.55-0.95). Null association was observed between circulating 17:0 and trans-16:1n-7 level and subtypes of CVD except for only one study which reported a negative relationship between 17:0 and heart failure. CONCLUSION: Higher dairy fat exposure is not associated with an increased risk of CVD.
28001104|a|
28001105|a|
28001106|a|OBJECTIVE To evaluate potential risk factors for development of primary angle-closure glaucoma (PACG) in Bouviers des Flandres. DESIGN Prospective, observational study. ANIMALS 98 Bouviers des Flandres. PROCEDURES All dogs underwent slit-lamp biomicroscopy, indirect ophthalmoscopy, gonioscopy, applanation tonometry, streak retinoscopy, and A-scan, B-scan, and high-resolution ultrasonography. Iridocorneal angles and degree of pectinate ligament dysplasia sheeting were graded, and an angle index was mathematically derived for each eye on the basis of these values. Ciliary clefts evaluated by high-resolution ultrasonography were classified as open, narrow, or closed. Owners were contacted by telephone 7 to 9 years after the initial examination to determine whether dogs had a subsequent diagnosis of PACG. Relationships between previously recorded variables and the development of PACG were evaluated by logistic regression methods. Available pedigrees were reviewed to assess genetic relationships among affected dogs. RESULTS 9 of 92 (9.8%) dogs with follow-up information available developed PACG. An angle index < 1 and presence of a narrow or closed ciliary cleft in 1 or both eyes were each significantly associated with development of PACG. Odds of developing PACG for dogs with an angle index < 1 (indicating marked reduction in outflow capacity through the iridocorneal angle), a narrow or closed ciliary cleft in > 1 eye, or both findings were 13, 20, and 28 times those for dogs that did not have these findings, respectively. All dogs that developed PACG shared 1 common male sire or grandsire. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE Several anatomic factors were significant risk factors for development of PACG in this population of dogs. Results also suggested a genetic component for the disease.
28001107|a|
28001108|a|
28000014|a|PURPOSE: We hypothesized different Overall Survival (OS) in metastatic breast cancer (MBC) after relapse vs de novo presentation. METHODS: We identified women in British Columbia with MBC diagnosed between 01/2001 and 12/2009. OS from MBC was calculated for relapsed vs de novo cohorts in 3 subgroups, based on hormone receptors (HR) and HER2 status. Age at MBC, disease-free interval (DFI), de novo vs relapsed, year of MBC diagnosis, and systemic treatment were entered into univariable and multivariable analyses. RESULTS: We identified 3645 pts with known HR of which 2796 had known HER2. Median follow-up was 91  months. Median OS was longer for de novo vs relapsed MBC: HR+/HER2- 34 versus 23  months (mos) (p  <  0.0001), HR-/HER2- (TN) 11 versus 8 mos (p  =  0.02), HER2+  29 versus 15 mos (p  <  0.0001). For TN disease, no variable independently discriminated a group with increased risk of death. For both the HR  +/HER2- and the HER2  +  groups, relapsed vs de novo status (HzR 1.4 [95% CI 1.2-1.5; p  <  0.0001], and HzR 1.6 [95% CI 1.4-1.9; p  <  0.0001], respectively) and age  >50 (HzR 1.2 [95% CI 1.1-1.4; p  =  0.001] and HzR 1.3 [95% CI 1.1-1.5; p  =  0.01], respectively) were associated with increased risk of death on multivariable analysis. CONCLUSION: These data provide information that may guide discussions about prognosis between physicians and patients with MBC. In addition, it highlights the importance of stratifying for initial stage at diagnosis in future MBC therapeutic trials.
28000015|a|PURPOSE: We demonstrated that Hsa-miR-567 expression is significantly downregulated in poor prognosis breast cancer, compared to better prognosis breast cancer, having a role in the control of cell proliferation and migration by regulating KPNA4 gene. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this study, based on our previously published in silico results, we proved both in vitro (cell line studies) and ex vivo (clinical studies), that Hsa-miR-567 expression is significantly downregulated in breast cancer with poor prognosis when compared to breast cancer with better prognosis. More intriguingly, we demonstrated that the ectopic expression of Hsa-miR-567 in poor prognosis breast cancer cell line strongly inhibits in vitro cell proliferation and migration. Furthermore, we showed in vivo that breast cancer cells, stably expressing Hsa-miR-567, xenografted in mouse, reduce tumor growth ability. Consistently, we found that karyopherin 4 (KPNA4), predicted target gene of Hsa-miR-567 as identified by our in silico analysis, is upregulated in highly aggressive MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cell line and patient tissues with poor prognosis with respect to good prognosis. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest a potential role of Hsa-miR-567 as a novel prognostic biomarker for BC and as regulator of KPNA4.
28000016|a|The objective of this is to compare the surgical outcomes of partial nephrectomy (PN), performed via three different approaches: robot-assisted (RAPN), laparoscopic (LPN), and open (OPN), in a single non-academic regional center. The data of patients undergoing PN at our Department from 2005 to 2016 were prospectively collected. A logistic regression model adjusted for preoperative variables (age, tumor size, creatinine and hemoglobin, ASA and Padua scores) was performed to evaluate whether transfusion, conversion, and postoperative complication rate were influenced by the surgical approach. Overall 270 patients underwent PN: analysis included 253 cases (RAPN  =  110, LPN  =  70, OPN  =  73). Preoperative variables did not differ significantly among the three groups. Shorter operative (130 vs 180 and 200') and ischaemia (12 vs 23 and 22') times and longer hospital stay (8 vs 7 and 6  days) were found in the OPN group as compared to LPN and RAPN, respectively. The RAPN group included a higher rate of pT1b (31.8 vs 14.2 and 15%) and malignant histotype (90 vs 82.9 and 68.5%) as compared to LPN and OPN, respectively. Clavien Grade III-IV complications were lower in the RAPN (7.2%) as compared to OPN (12.3%) and LPN (17.1%) groups. Multivariate analysis showed a lower risk for conversion, transfusion and overall complications in the RAPN group versus LPN and OPN. The surgical approach affects the perioperative outcomes in a regional setting. The advantages of RAPN over OPN (lower risk of conversion, transfusion, and overall complications) are extended over LPN as well, although OPN offered faster operative and ischemia times at the expense of greater blood loss and hospital stay.
28000017|a|
28000030|a|The primary objective of this study was to evaluate the impact of colonization pressure on intensive care unit (ICU)-acquired multidrug resistant bacteria (MDRB). All patients hospitalized for more than 48  h in the ICU were included in this prospective observational study. MDRB were defined as methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Pseudomonas aeruginosa resistant to ceftazidime or imipenem, Gram-negative bacilli producing extended-spectrum beta-lactamases (ESBL), and all strains of Acinetobacter baumannii and Stenotrophomonas maltophilia. Colonization pressure was daily calculated in the three participating ICUs. Univariate and multivariate analyses were used to determine risk factors for ICU-acquired MDRB. Two hundreds and four (34%) of the 593 included patients acquired an MDRB during their ICU stay. Multivariate analysis identified colonization pressure as an independent risk factor for ICU-acquired MDRB (OR (95% CI) 4.18 (1.03-17.01), p   =   0.046). Other independent risk factors for ICU-acquired MDRB were mechanical ventilation (3.08 (1.28-7.38), p   =   0.012), and arterial catheter use (OR, 3.04 (1.38-6.68), p   =   0.006). ICU-acquired MDRB were associated with increased mortality, duration of mechanical ventilation, and ICU stay. However, ICU-acquired MDRB was not independently associated with ICU-mortality. Colonization pressure is an independent risk factor for acquiring MDRB in the ICU.
28000031|a|UNASSIGNED: Alcohol is a widely consumed drug that can lead to addiction and severe brain damage. However, alcohol is also used as self-medication for psychiatric problems, such as depression, frequently resulting in depression-alcoholism comorbidity. Here, we identify the first molecular mechanism for alcohol use with the goal to self-medicate and ameliorate the behavioral symptoms of a genetically induced innate depression. An induced over-expression of acid sphingomyelinase (ASM), as was observed in depressed patients, enhanced the consumption of alcohol in a mouse model of depression. ASM hyperactivity facilitates the establishment of the conditioned behavioral effects of alcohol, and thus drug memories. Opposite effects on drinking and alcohol reward learning were observed in animals with reduced ASM function. Importantly, free-choice alcohol drinking-but not forced alcohol exposure-reduces depression-like behavior selectively in depressed animals through the normalization of brain ASM activity. No such effects were observed in normal mice. ASM hyperactivity caused sphingolipid and subsequent monoamine transmitter hypo-activity in the brain. Free-choice alcohol drinking restores nucleus accumbens sphingolipid- and monoamine homeostasis selectively in depressed mice. A gene expression analysis suggested strong control of ASM on the expression of genes related to the regulation of pH, ion transmembrane transport, behavioral fear response, neuroprotection and neuropeptide signaling pathways. These findings suggest that the paradoxical antidepressant effects of alcohol in depressed organisms are mediated by ASM and its control of sphingolipid homeostasis. Both emerge as a new treatment target specifically for depression-induced alcoholism.
28000041|a|PURPOSE: Radial artery applanation tonometry (RAAT) has been developed and utilized for continuous arterial pressure monitoring. However, evidence is lacking to clinically verify the RAAT technology and identify appropriate patient groups before routine clinical use. This study aims to evaluate the RAAT technology by comparing systolic blood pressure (SBP), mean blood pressure (MBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) values in patients undergoing colon carcinoma surgery. METHODS: Blood Pressure (BP) values obtained via RAAT (TL-300, Tensys Medical Inc., San Diego, CA, USA) and conventional arterial catheterization from 30 colon carcinoma surgical patients were collected and compared via Bland-Atman method, linear regression and 4-quadrant plot concordance analysis. RESULTS: For SBPs, MBPs and DBPs, means of the differences (  standard deviation; 95% limits of agreement) were -0.9 (  7.6; -15.7 to 13.9) mmHg, 3.1 (  6.5; -9.6 to 15.8) mmHg and 4.3 (  7.4; -10.3 to 18.8) mmHg, respectively. Linear regression coefficients of determination were 0.8706 for SBPs, 0.8353 for MBPs and 0.6858 for DBPs. Four-quadrant concordance correlation coefficients were 0.8740, 0.8522 and 0.7108 for SBPs, MBPs and DBPs, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: A highly selected patient collective undergoing colon carcinoma surgery was studied. BP measurements obtained via the TL-300 had clinically acceptable agreement with that acquired invasively using an arterial catheter. For use in clinical routine, it is necessary to take measures for improvement regarding movement artifacts and dilution of noise. A large sample size of patients under various conditions is also needed to further evaluate the RAAT technology before clinically routine use.
28000042|a|UNASSIGNED: Heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein (hnRNP)A1, a member of the hnRNP family, is involved in a variety of RNA metabolisms. The hnRNPA1 expression is altered in some human diseases and mutations of the hnRNPA1 gene cause amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and multisystem proteinopathy. It has been therefore assumed that the dysregulation of hnRNPA1 is linked to the pathogenesis of the diseases. However, the mechanism underlying the regulation of the hnRNPA1 expression remains unknown. In this study, using cell-based models, we have found that hnRNPA1 negatively regulates its own mRNA expression by inhibiting the intron10  splicing of hnRNPA1 pre-mRNA. This mechanism likely serves as an autoregulation of the hnRNPA1 expression. We have also found that a low-grade excess of hnRNPA1 expression causes cytotoxicity by activating the mitochondrial apoptosis pathway. Collectively, these data suggest that the level of hnRNPA1 is strictly controlled to be within a certain range by the mRNA autoregulation in the physiological condition so that the cytotoxicity-causative alteration of hnRNPA1 expression does not take place.
28000047|a|The tubular lipid membranes (TLMs) pulled out from vesicles are often used in in vitro studies of the interactions between curvature-inducing proteins and highly curved membranes. The protein molecules adsorbed at the membrane surface deform the TLM and couple with each other due to the induced strain. Here we propose an approach which models the single curvature-inducing protein action on the lipid bilayer by the multipole, the superposition of the point forces applied to the membrane in the region of the protein adsorption. We show that to be localized in the area of the protein size at the TLM surface, the force multipoles satisfying the mechanical equilibrium conditions should be composed of three or more point forces. The protein coupling energy mediated by the membrane strain is studied in detail. In the region of the tubular membrane stability the maximal distance between two neighboring interacting protein-induced force multipoles is estimated to be of the order of the TLM cross section perimeter. In the vicinity of the TLM instability in the region of the vanishing stretching force applied to the TLM, the interaction radius increases drastically. The high affinity of the single curvature-inducing protein molecule to the regions in the vicinity of the TLM ends is explained and related to the boundary conditions in the experimental set-ups. The reasons for the aggregate formation on the membrane surface are also discussed.
28000048|a|We study the thermodiffusion behavior of spherical polystyrene beads with a diameter of 25 nm by infrared thermal diffusion Forced Rayleigh Scattering (IR-TDFRS). Similar beads were used to investigate the radial dependence of the Soret coefficient by different authors. While Duhr and Braun (Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A. 104, 9346 (2007)) observed a quadratic radial dependence Braibanti et al. (Phys. Rev. Lett. 100, 108303 (2008)) found a linear radial dependence of the Soret coefficient. We demonstrated that special care needs to be taken to obtain reliable thermophoretic data, because the measurements are very sensitive to surface properties. The colloidal particles were characterized by transmission electron microscopy and dynamic light scattering (DLS) experiments were performed. We carried out systematic thermophoretic measurements as a function of temperature, buffer and surfactant concentration. The temperature dependence was analyzed using an empirical formula. To describe the Debye length dependence we used a theoretical model by Dhont. The resulting surface charge density is in agreement with previous literature results. Finally, we analyze the dependence of the Soret coefficient on the concentration of the anionic surfactant sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS), applying an empirical thermodynamic approach accounting for chemical contributions.
28000059|a|The aim of the study was to investigate IL-33 expression in gastric cancer (GC) and its association with the clinical characteristics and the prognosis. IL-33 protein in tumor and corresponding adjacent tissues were detected by immunohistochemistry in 179 GC patients and clinical features plus prognostic value were analyzed via Pearson's chi-square test and Kaplan-Meier test in Cox proportional hazards model, respectively. IL-33 protein levels were significantly lower in tumor tissues than adjacent tissues (29.05% vs. 78.77%,   <sup>2</sup>  =  89.05, P  <  0.001). The positive rate of IL-33 in the ulcerative type group was the lowest among all groups (P  <  0.05). IL-33 levels were correlated with age (P  =  0.025) and invasion depth (P  =  0.030) while not significantly associated with the overall survival of GC patients. IL-33 expression is associated with age and invasive depth of GC patients but not an independent risk factor of prognosis.
28000065|a|The external morphology and genitalia of the males of Stenonartonia mimica (Kohl 1907), Sphaeromenes discrepatus Giordani Soika, 1978 and Gamma bolivianum flavior Giordani Soika, 1990 are described for the first time.
28000066|a|
28000067|a|
28000068|a|Previous research found that the water-level fluctuating zone (WLFZ) of the Three Gorges Reservoir (TGR) was an Hg-sensitive area. However, little research has been conducted on the distribution of Hg-methylating microorganisms in this area. The goal of this research was to provide an initial description of the distribution of the dsrB (for sulfate-reducing bacteria) and hgcA (one gene confirmed for Hg methylation) genes. Different types of soil were selected to analyze the abundance of the dsrB and hgcA in different periods, in inundated soil (SI, <= 155  m, which becomes sediment during the wet period, SS) and in non-inundated soil (>= 175  m, SN) from Shibao, a typical WLFZ of the TGR. A significant positive correlation was observed between dsrB and hgcA abundance and MeHg concentrations, suggesting that microorganisms with these genes contribute to Hg methylation. Principal component analysis (PCA) indicated that dsrB diversity was highest in SI, followed by SS; SS had the highest diversity of hcgA. Six phylogenetic trees were constructed and showed that more strains were present in SI than in SS. HgcA sequences in SS were confined to three evolutionarily distant clades,   -Proteobacteria, a methanogen group, and a Clostridia group, which was relatively rare among most clades.
28000086|a|The interaction of human small heat shock protein HspB1, its point mutants associated with distal hereditary motor neuropathy, and three other small heat shock proteins (HspB5, HspB6, HspB8) with the light component of neurofilaments (NFL) was analyzed by differential centrifugation, analytical ultracentrifugation, and fluorescent spectroscopy. The wild-type HspB1 decreased the quantity of NFL in pellets obtained after low- and high-speed centrifugation and increased the quantity of NFL remaining in the supernatant after high-speed centrifugation. Part of HspB1 was detected in the pellet of NFL after high-speed centrifugation, and at saturation, 1  mol of HspB1 monomer was bound per 2  mol of NFL. Point mutants of HspB1 associated with distal hereditary motor neuropathy (G84R, L99M, R140G, K141Q, and P182S) were almost as effective as the wild-type HspB1 in modulation of NFL assembly. At low ionic strength, HspB1 weakly interacted with NFL tetramers, and this interaction was increased upon salt-induced polymerization of NFL. HspB1 and HspB5 (aB-crystallin) decreased the rate of NFL polymerization measured by fluorescent spectroscopy. HspB6 (Hsp20) and HspB8 (Hsp22) were less effective than HspB1 (or HspB5) in modulation of NFL assembly. The data presented indicate that the small heat shock proteins affect NFL transition from tetramers to filaments, hydrodynamic properties of filaments, and their bundling and therefore probably modulate the formation of intermediate filament networks in neurons.
28000087|a|OBJECTIVES: We evaluated diffusion imaging measures of the corticospinal tract obtained with a probabilistic tractography algorithm applied to data of two acquisition protocols based on different numbers of diffusion gradient directions (NDGDs). MATERIALS AND METHODS: The corticospinal tracts (CST) of 18 healthy subjects were delineated using 22 and 66-NDGD data. An along-tract analysis of diffusion metrics was performed to detect possible local differences due to NDGD. RESULTS: FA values at 22-NDGD showed an increase along the central portion of the CST. The mean of partial volume fraction of the orientation of the second fiber (f2) was higher at 66-NDGD bilaterally, because for 66-NDGD data the algorithm more readily detects dominant fiber directions beyond the first, thus the increase in FA at 22-NDGD is due to a substantially reduced detection of crossing fiber volume. However, the good spatial correlation between the tracts drawn at 22 and 66 NDGD shows that the extent of the tract can be successfully defined even at lower NDGD. CONCLUSIONS: Given the spatial tract localization obtained even at 22-NDGD, local analysis of CST can be performed using a NDGD compatible with clinical protocols. The probabilistic approach was particularly powerful in evaluating crossing fibers when present.
28000088|a|Dialysate cooling, either individualized based upon patient body temperature, or to a standardized temperature below 37     C, has been proposed to minimize hemodynamic insults and improve outcomes among hemodialysis patients. However, low dialysate temperatures (35-35.5     C) are associated with patient discomfort, and individualized dialysate cooling is difficult to operationalize. Here, we tested whether a standardized dialysate temperature of 36     C (dT36) was associated with improved clinical outcomes compared to the default temperature of 37     C (dT37). Because patients with known hemodynamic instability may be selectively prescribed dT36, we minimized selection bias by considering only incident adult in-center hemodialysis patients who, between Jan 2011 and Dec 2013 received their first-ever hemodialysis treatment at a large dialysis organization. Exposure status was based on the treatment order for this first-ever treatment. 313 dT36 patients were identified and propensity-score matched (1:5) to 1565 dT37 controls. Death, hospitalization, and missed hemodialysis treatments were considered from the date of first-ever hemodialysis treatment until the earliest of death, loss to follow-up, crossover (month in which prescribed dialysate temperature was consistent with patient's exposure group for <80% of treatments), or study end (June 2015). During follow-up, rates of death, hospitalization and missed hemodialysis treatments did not differ between the two groups. This study therefor showed no benefit of dT36 vs. dT37 with respect to these clinical outcomes. Our results do not favor conversion to a default dialysate temperature of 36     C. Individualized dialysate cooling may provide a more reliable approach to achieve the hemodynamic benefits associated with reduced dialysate temperature.
28000089|a|BACKGROUND: Bariatric surgery is common in the Middle East region. However, regional accreditation bodies and guidelines are lacking. We present the current peri-operative practice of bariatric surgery in the Middle East region. SETTING: Public and private practice in the Middle East region. METHODS: A questionnaire was designed to study trends of peri-operative care in bariatric surgery. It was sent to members of the Pan Arab Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery (PASMBS). RESULTS: Ninety-three surgeons (88.6%) responded, 63.4% were in private practice, 68.5% have been in practice for more than 5  years, and 61.1% performed more than 125 cases per year. Laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG) was the commonest procedure performed, then laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (LRYGB), one anastomosis gastric bypass/mini gastric bypass (OAGB/MGB), and laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding (LAGB). Pre-operatively as a routine, 65% referred patients for dietitian and (78.3%) for smoking cessation. In contrast as a routine, 22.6% referred patients to a psychologist, 30% screened for obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), and when they did, they did not use a questionnaire. For patients 50  years of age, 22% performed a screening colonoscopy and 33.7% referred patients to a cardiologist. Intra-operatively as a routine, 25.3% placed a drain and 42.2% placed urinary catheters. In contrast, 77.1% performed a leak test (82.7% as a methylene blue leak test). Post-operatively, 79.5% used chemoprophylaxis for venous thromboembolism and 89% required patients to take vitamins. In contrast, 25% prescribed ursodeoxycholic acid. CONCLUSION: The wide variation in the peri-operative care of bariatric surgery in the Middle East region highlights the need for regional guidelines based on international guidelines.
28000098|a|UNASSIGNED: The insulin molecule was discovered in 1921. Shortly thereafter, its propensity towards amyloid fibril formation, fibrillation, was observed and described in the literature as a "precipitate." In the past decades, the increased incidence of type 2 diabetes has reached global epidemic proportions. This has emphasized the demands for both insulin production and the development of modern insulin products for unmet medical needs. Bringing such new insulin drug products to the market for the benefit of patients requires that many CMC-related processes are understood, described, and controlled. One potential undesired process is insulin fibril formation. The compound thioflavin T (ThT) is known as a fluorescent probe for amyloid fibrils. As such, ThT is utilized in a versatile research assay in microtiter plate format, the ThT assay. This review will describe an experimental set-up using not only a ThT microtiter plate assay but also two orthogonal methods. The use of the ThT assay in research and characterization of insulin analogues, as well as formulations of insulin, is described by cases drawn from the scientific literature and patents. The ThT assay is compared to other physical stability tests and in conclusion the advantages and limitations of the assay are compared.
28000102|a|BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic modeling and simulation can aid clinical drug development by dynamically integrating key system- and drug-specific information into predictive profiles. In this study, we propose a methodology to predict pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic profiles of sinogliatin (HMS-5552, RO-5305552), a novel glucokinase activator to treat diabetes mellitus, for first-in-patient (FIP) studies. METHODS AND RESULTS: Initially, pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic profiles of sinogliatin and another glucokinase activator (US2) previously acquired from healthy subjects were fitted using Model  A incorporating an indirect response mechanism. The pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic profiles of US2 in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were then fitted using Model  B incorporating circadian rhythm and food effects after thoughtful research on the difference between healthy subjects and T2DM patients. The differences in results between the two US2 modeling populations were used to scale the values of the pharmacodynamic parameters and refine the pharmacodynamic model of sinogliatin, which was then utilized to project pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic profiles of sinogliatin in T2DM patients after an 8-day simulated treatment. Results showed that the projected pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic values of five parameters were within 70-130% of values fitted from observed clinical data while the other two remaining projected parameters were within a twofold error. Population pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic analysis conducted for sinogliatin also suggested that age and sex were significantly correlated to pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic characteristics. Additionally, Model B was combined with a glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA<sub>1c</sub>) compartment to form Model C, which was then used to project serum HbA<sub>1c</sub>levels in patients after a 1-month simulated treatment of sinogliatin. The predicted HbA<sub>1c</sub>changes were nearly identical to observed clinical values (0.82 vs. 0.78%). CONCLUSIONS: Model-based drug development methods utilizing a learn-research-confirm cycle may accurately project pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic profiles of new drugs in FIP studies.
28000103|a|
28000104|a|
28000105|a|UNASSIGNED: Pre-operative stereotactic radiosurgery (pre-SRS) has been shown as a viable treatment option for resectable brain metastases (BM). The aim of this study is to compare oncologic outcomes and toxicities for pre-SRS and post-operative WBRT (post-WBRT) for resectable BM. We reviewed records of consecutive patients who underwent resection of BM and either pre-SRS or post-WBRT between 2005 and 2013 at two institutions. Overall survival (OS) was calculated using the Kaplan-Meier method. Cumulative incidence was used for intracranial outcomes. Multivariate analysis (MVA) was performed using the Cox and Fine and Gray models, respectively. Overall, 102 patients underwent surgical resection of BM; 66 patients with 71 lesions received pre-SRS while 36 patients with 42 cavities received post-WBRT. Baseline characteristics were similar except for the pre-SRS cohort having more single lesions (65.2% vs. 38.9%, p   =   0.001) and smaller median lesion volume (8.3  cc vs. 15.3  cc, p   =   0.006). 1-year OS was similar between cohorts (58% vs. 56%, respectively) (p   =   0.43). Intracranial outcomes were also similar (2-year outcomes, pre-SRS vs. post-WBRT): local recurrence: 24.5% vs. 25% (p   =   0.81), distant brain failure (DBF): 53.2% vs. 45% (p   =   0.66), and leptomeningeal disease (LMD) recurrence: 3.5% vs. 9.0% (p   =   0.66). On MVA, radiation cohort was not independently associated with OS or any intracranial outcome. Crude rates of symptomatic radiation necrosis were 5.6 and 0%, respectively. OS and intracranial outcomes were similar for patients treated with pre-SRS or post-WBRT for resected BM. Pre-SRS is a viable alternative to post-WBRT for resected BM. Further confirmatory studies with neuro-cognitive outcomes comparing these two treatment paradigms are needed.
28000110|a|
28000111|a|The syndrome of acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) is a common medical emergency in children. In the era of poliomyelitis eradication, the common causes of AFP include Guillain-Barr   syndrome (GBS), transverse myelitis and traumatic neuritis. However, many common diseases can uncommonly present as AFP and some uncommon diseases may also masquerade like it. Uncommon causes of AFP seen at a tertiary care pediatric hospital are discussed along with relevant points in diagnosis and management. Also, common pitfalls in diagnosis of pediatric AFP and an approach to investigations are discussed.
28000120|a|Mediterranean coastal landscapes are complex systems that are subject to rapid and extensive changes due to unprecedented human interference. Changes in these landscapes are strong indications of anthropogenic disturbances that should be monitored carefully in order to make effective management decisions. Landscape changes can be analyzed using many qualitative and quantitative techniques. In this respect, the importance of land cover information arises from the fact that any change in the composition and/or configuration of land cover can be used as a landscape-level environmental indicator. Therefore, proper understanding of spatial and temporal characteristics of this environmental attribute is of vital importance as it enables decision-makers to reveal causes of environmental issues and to cope with consequences of mismanagement. The aims of this paper are to analyze landscape-level changes using the largest patch index (LPI) as a simple pattern indicator and provide guidelines for studying change phenomena that take place in the Mediterranean coastal areas. In this respect, changes in the LPI values for agricultural and built-up areas in three different sites were analyzed using georeferenced Ikonos and Quickbird images. The concepts of pattern and process were highlighted as important indicators for studying landscapes and understanding their change.
28000121|a|Sugarcane molasses-based distillery spent wash (DSW) is well known for its toxicity and complex mixture of various recalcitrant organic pollutants with acidic pH, but the chemical nature of these pollutants is unknown. This study revealed the presence of toxic organic acids (butanedioic acid bis(TMS)ester; 2-hydroxysocaproic acid; benzenepropanoic acid, a-[(TMS)oxy], TMS ester; vanillylpropionic acid, bis(TMS)), and other recalcitrant organic pollutants (2-furancarboxylic acid, 5-[[(TMS)oxy] methyl], TMS ester; benzoic acid 3-methoxy-4-[(TMS)oxy], TMS ester; and tricarballylic acid 3TMS), which are listed as endocrine-disrupting chemicals. In addition, several major heavy metals were detected, including Fe (163.947), Mn (4.556), Zn (2.487), and Ni (1.175  mg  l(-1)). Bacterial community analysis by restriction fragment length polymorphism revealed that Bacillus and Stenotrophomonas were dominant autochthonous bacterial communities belonging to the phylum Firmicutes and y-Proteobacteria, respectively. The presence of Bacillus and Stenotrophomonas species in highly acidic environments indicated its broad range adaptation. These findings indicated that these autochthonous bacterial communities were pioneer taxa for in situ remediation of this hazardous waste during ecological succession. Further, phytotoxicity assay of DSW with Phaseolus mungo L. and Triticum aestivum revealed that T. aestivum was more sensitive than P. mungo L. in the seed germination test. The results of this study may be useful for monitoring and toxicity assessment of sugarcane molasses-based distillery waste at disposal sites.
28000130|a|Immobility that is frequently encountered in the intensive care unit (ICU) can lead to patient complications. Early mobilization of patients in the ICU has been shown to reduce the complications associated with critical illness; however, early mobilization in the neurological intensive care unit (NICU) presents a unique challenge for the multidisciplinary team. The early mobilization of patients with acute neurologic injuries such as acute ischemic stroke, aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage, intracerebral hemorrhage, and neurotrauma varies because of differing disease processes and management. When developing an early mobility program in the NICU, the following should be considered: the effect of positional changes and exercise, the time from symptom onset to the initiation of early mobilization, and the type and intensity of the exercise prescribed.
28000131|a|BACKGROUND: Transcranial Doppler (TCD) has been used to estimate ICP noninvasively (nICP); however, its accuracy varies depending on different types of intracranial hypertension. Given the high specificity of TCD to detect cerebrovascular events, this study aimed to compare four TCD-based nICP methods during plateau waves of ICP. METHODS: A total of 36 plateau waves were identified in 27 patients (traumatic brain injury) with TCD, ICP, and ABP simultaneous recordings. The nICP methods were based on: (1) interaction between flow velocity (FV) and ABP using a "black-box" mathematical model (nICP_BB); (2) diastolic FV (nICP_FV<sub>d</sub>); (3) critical closing pressure (nICP_CrCP), and (4) pulsatility index (nICP_PI). Analyses focused on relative changes in time domain between ICP and noninvasive estimators during plateau waves and the magnitude of changes (    between baseline and plateau) in real ICP and its estimators. A ROC analysis for an ICP threshold of 35  mmHg was performed. RESULTS: In time domain, nICP_PI, nICP_BB, and nICP_CrCP presented similar correlations: 0.80      0.24, 0.78      0.15, and 0.78      0.30, respectively. nICP_FV<sub>d</sub>presented a weaker correlation (R  =  0.62      0.46). Correlations between    ICP and    nICP were better represented by nICP_CrCP and BB, R  =  0.48, 0.44 (p  <  0.05), respectively. nICP_FV<sub>d</sub>and PI presented nonsignificant     correlations. ROC analysis showed moderate to good areas under the curve for all methods: nICP_BB, 0.82; nICP_FV<sub>d</sub>, 0.77; nICP_CrCP, 0.79; and nICP_PI, 0.81. CONCLUSIONS: Changes of ICP in time domain during plateau waves were replicated by nICP methods with strong correlations. In addition, the methods presented high performance for detection of intracranial hypertension. However, absolute accuracy for noninvasive ICP assessment using TCD is still low and requires further improvement.
28000140|a|INTRODUCTION: Glycemic control in participants with insulin-treated diabetes remains challenging. We assessed safety and efficacy of new flash glucose-sensing technology to replace self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG). METHODS: This open-label randomized controlled study (ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02082184) enrolled adults with type 2 diabetes on intensive insulin therapy from 26 European diabetes centers. Following 2  weeks of blinded sensor wear, 2:1 (intervention/control) randomization (centrally, using biased-coin minimization dependant on study center and insulin administration) was to control (SMBG) or intervention (glucose-sensing technology). Participants and investigators were not masked to group allocation. Primary outcome was difference in HbA1c at 6  months in the full analysis set. Prespecified secondary outcomes included time in hypoglycemia, effect of age, and patient satisfaction. RESULTS: Participants (n  =  224) were randomized (149 intervention, 75 controls). At 6  months, there was no difference in the change in HbA1c between intervention and controls: -3.1      0.75  mmol/mol, [-0.29      0.07% (mean      SE)] and -3.4      1.04  mmol/mol (-0.31      0.09%) respectively; p  =  0.8222. A difference was detected in participants aged <65  years [-5.7      0.96  mmol/mol (-0.53      0.09%) and -2.2      1.31  mmol/mol (-0.20      0.12%), respectively; p  =  0.0301]. Time in hypoglycemia <3.9  mmol/L (70  mg/dL) reduced by 0.47      0.13  h/day [mean      SE (p  =  0.0006)], and <3.1  mmol/L (55  mg/dL) reduced by 0.22      0.07  h/day (p  =  0.0014) for intervention participants compared with controls; reductions of 43% and 53%, respectively. SMBG frequency, similar at baseline, decreased in intervention participants from 3.8      1.4  tests/day (mean      SD) to 0.3      0.7, remaining unchanged in controls. Treatment satisfaction was higher in intervention compared with controls (DTSQ 13.1      0.50 (mean      SE) and 9.0      0.72, respectively; p  <  0.0001). No serious adverse events or severe hypoglycemic events were reported related to sensor data use. Forty-two serious events [16 (10.7%) intervention participants, 12 (16.0%) controls] were not device-related. Six intervention participants reported nine adverse events for sensor-wear reactions (two severe, six moderate, one mild). CONCLUSION: Flash glucose-sensing technology use in type 2 diabetes with intensive insulin therapy results in no difference in HbA1c change and reduced hypoglycemia, thus offering a safe, effective replacement for SMBG. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02082184. FUNDING: Abbott Diabetes Care.
28000151|a|INTRODUCTION: Multiple provider prescribing of interacting drugs is a preventable cause of morbidity and mortality, and fragmented care is a major contributing factor. We applied social network analysis to examine the impact of provider patient-sharing networks on the risk of multiple provider prescribing of interacting drugs. METHODS: We performed a retrospective analysis of commercial healthcare claims (years 2008-2011), including all non-elderly adult beneficiaries (n  =  88,494) and their constellation of care providers. Patient-sharing networks were derived based on shared patients, and care constellation cohesion was quantified using care density, defined as the ratio between the total number of patients shared by provider pairs and the total number of provider pairs within the care constellation around each patient. RESULTS: In our study, 2% (n  =  1796) of patients were co-prescribed interacting drugs by multiple providers. Multiple provider prescribing of interacting drugs was associated with care density (odds ratio per unit increase in the natural logarithm of the value for care density 0.78; 95% confidence interval 0.74-0.83; p  <  0.0001). The effect of care density was more pronounced with increasing constellation size: when constellation size exceeded ten providers, the risk of multiple provider prescribing of interacting drugs decreased by nearly 37% with each unit increase in the natural logarithm of care density (p  <  0.0001). Other predictors included increasing age of patients, increasing number of providers, and greater morbidity. CONCLUSION: Improved care cohesion may mitigate unsafe prescribing practices, especially in larger care constellations. There is further potential to leverage network analytics to implement large-scale surveillance applications for monitoring prescribing safety.
28000152|a|Bone morphogenetic protein 1 (BMP1) and tolloid-like 1 (TLL1) belong to the BMP1/tolloid-like proteinase family, which cleaves secretory proteins. The constitutive deletion of the Bmp1 or Tll1 genes causes perinatal or embryonic lethality in mice. In this study, we first studied the b-galactosidase activity in mice in which an IRES-lacZ-Neo cassette was inserted in the intron of either the Bmp1 or the Tll1 gene; the b-galactosidase activities were used to reflect the expression of endogenous Bmp1 and Tll1, respectively. Our X-gal staining results showed that the odontoblasts in the tooth and cells in the periodontal ligament express both Bmp1 and Tll1. We then created Bmp1 (flox/flox) and Tll1 (flox/flox) mice by removing the IRES-lacZ-Neo cassette. By breeding 2.3  kb Col1a1-Cre mice with the Bmp1 (flox/flox) and Tll1 (flox/flox) mice, we further generated Col1a1-Cre;Bmp1 (flox/flox) ;Tll1 (flox/flox) mice in which both Bmp1 and Tll1 were inactivated in the Type I collagen-expressing cells. We employed X-ray radiography, histology and immunohistochemistry approaches to characterize the Col1a1-Cre;Bmp1 (flox/flox) ;Tll1 (flox/flox) mice. Our results showed that the molars of the Col1a1-Cre;Bmp1 (flox/flox) ;Tll1 (flox/flox) mice had wider predentin, thinner dentin and larger pulp chambers than those of the normal controls. The dentinal tubules of the molars in the Col1a1-Cre;Bmp1 (flox/flox) ;Tll1 (flox/flox) mice appeared disorganized. The level of dentin sialophosphoprotein in the molars of the 6-week-old Col1a1-Cre;Bmp1 (flox/flox) ;Tll1 (flox/flox) mice was lower than in the normal controls. The periodontal ligaments of the Col1a1-Cre;Bmp1 (flox/flox) ;Tll1 (flox/flox) mice were disorganized and had less fibrillin-1. Our findings indicate that the proteinases encoded by Bmp1 and Tll1 genes play essential roles in the development and maintenance of mouse dentin and periodontal ligaments.
28000153|a|PURPOSE: Non-essential blood testing in the acute care setting can be a prominent source of morbidity, patient discomfort, increased workload for the healthcare provider, and wasteful spending. The magnitude of such non-essential blood testing has not been well described. We aimed to measure the extent of unnecessary blood testing in a 33-bed intensive care unit (ICU) at a tertiary-care teaching hospital in Ontario, Canada. METHODS: Over a period of four weeks, all ICU attending physicians were asked to select, from a comprehensive list, blood tests that they deemed essential to the appropriate care for each of their patients on the following day. The actual tests processed on the following day were recorded. Descriptive statistics were used to determine what proportion of all processed tests were deemed essential blood tests. The association between patient characteristics and the total cost of unnecessary tests was assessed using the Wilcoxon rank-sum test and the Spearman correlation coefficient, as appropriate. RESULTS: Nine attending physicians provided input for a total of 81 patient days. In 65 (80%) of these days, at least one test was considered non-essential. Physicians deemed only 338 (48.7%) of 694 processed blood tests as essential, which amounted to  2,243.41 (46.0%) out of an overall cost of  4,882.11. Patients' age, sex, mechanical ventilation status, and treatment with vasoactive drugs on the study day were not associated with the number of non-essential tests. CONCLUSIONS: Attending physicians deemed a substantial proportion of the blood tests processed in a tertiary care ICU setting as unnecessary. Furthermore, the non-essential tests incurred substantial additional cost. Further work is required to gain a better understanding of the underlying factors contributing to these wasteful practices.
28000154|a|
28000158|a|BACKGROUND: Bipolar disorder (BD) is a chronic mood disorder that causes substantial psychological and financial burden. Various pharmacological treatments are effective in the management and prevention of acute episodes of BD. In an era of tighter healthcare budgets and a need for more efficient use of resources, several economic evaluations have evaluated the cost effectiveness of treatments for BD. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to systematically review and appraise published economic evaluations of pharmacological interventions for BD. METHODS: A systematic search combining search terms specific to BD with a health economics search filter was conducted on six bibliographic databases (EMBASE, MEDLINE, PsycINFO, HTA, NHS EED, CENTRAL) in order to identify trial- or model-based full economic evaluations of pharmacological treatments of any phase of the disorder  that were published between 1 January 1990 and 18 December 2015. Studies that met the inclusion criteria were critically appraised using the Quality of Health Economic Studies (QHES) checklist, and synthesised in a narrative way. RESULTS: The review included 19 economic studies, which varied with regard to the type and number of interventions assessed, the study design, the phase of treatment (acute or maintenance), the source of efficacy data and the method for evidence synthesis, the outcome measures, the time horizon and the countries/settings in which the studies were conducted. The study quality was variable but the majority of studies were of high or fair quality. CONCLUSION: Pharmacological interventions are cost effective, compared with no treatment, in the management of BD, both in the acute and maintenance phases. However, it is difficult to draw safe conclusions on the relative cost effectiveness between drugs due to differences across studies and limitations characterising many of them. Future economic evaluations need to consider the whole range of treatment options available for the management of BD and adopt appropriate methods for evidence synthesis and economic modelling, to explore more robustly the relative cost effectiveness of pharmacological interventions for people with BD.
28000160|a|OBJECTIVE: To perform a meta-analysis to determine the effect of radiotherapy (RT) on nipple-areolar complex (NAC) and skin flap necrosis, and local recurrence in women who undergo nipple-sparing mastectomy (NSM) and immediate breast reconstruction. METHODS: Medline, PubMed, Cochrane, and Google Scholar databases were searched until October 16, 2015. Randomized-controlled-trials, prospective, retrospective, and cohort studies were included. The primary outcome was the NAC necrosis rate, and the secondary outcomes were the skin flap necrosis and local recurrence rates. RESULTS: Of 186 studies identified, 2 prospective and 5 retrospective studies including a total of 3692 patients were included in the meta-analysis. Five, 3, and 2 studies reported data of NAC necrosis (3461 breasts), skin flap necrosis (2490 breasts), and local recurrence (988 breasts), respectively. Pooled results showed no difference in the odds of NAC necrosis [odds ratio (OR)  =  1.250, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.481-3.247, P  =  0.647], or local recurrence (OR  =  0.564, 95% CI 0.056-5.710, P  =  0.627) between patients who received and did not receive RT. Patients treated with RT had a higher likelihood of skin flap necrosis (OR  =  2.534, 95% CI 1.720-3.735, P  <  0.001). Significant heterogeneity, however, was noted in the analysis of NAC and local recurrence. CONCLUSIONS: Because of the limitations of the small number of studies and heterogeneity in the analysis, this study does not allow drawing any definitive conclusions and highlights the need of well-controlled trials to determine the effect of RT in patients undergoing NSM.
28000161|a|Microglia, rapidly activated following peripheral nerve injury (PNI), accumulate within the spinal cord and adopt inflammation that contributes to development and maintenance of neuropathic pain. Microglia express functional Toll-like receptors (TLRs), which play pivotal roles in regulating inflammatory processes. However, little is known about the role of TLR3 in regulating neuropathic pain after PNI. Here TLR3 expression and autophagy activation was assayed in dorsal root ganglions and in microglia following PNI by using realtime PCR, western blot and immunohistochemistry. The role of TLR3/autophagy signaling in regulating tactile allodynia was evaluated by assaying paw mechanical withdrawal threshold and cold allodynia after intrathecal administration of Poly (I:C) and 3-methyladenine (3-MA). We found that L5 spinal nerve ligation (SNL) induces the expression of TLR3 in dorsal root ganglions and in primary rat microglia at the mRNA and protein level. Meanwhile, L5 SNL results in an increased activation of autophagy, which contributes to microglial activation and subsequent inflammatory response. Intrathecal administration of Poly (I:C), a TLR3 agonist, significantly increases the activation of microglial autophagy, whereas TLR3 knockdown markedly inhibits L5 SNL-induced microglial autophagy. Poly (I:C) treatment promotes the expression of proinflammatory mediators, whereas 3-MA (a specific inhibitor of autophagy) suppresses Poly (I:C)-induced secretion of proinflammatory cytokines. Autophagy inhibition further inhibits TLR3-mediated mechanical and cold hypersensitivity following SNL. These results suggest that inhibition of TLR3/autophagy signaling contributes to alleviate neurophathic pain triggered by SNL.
28000173|a|BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Peramivir is a novel antiviral agent approved for the treatment of severe influenza. However, the development of oral formulation of peramivir has been severely hurdled by poor bioavailability (human, <= 3%). The present work aims to evaluate oral permeability characteristics of peramivir. METHODS: In vitro gastrointestinal stability, metabolic stability in human intestinal S9 fraction and Caco-2 permeability were performed. The liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometric (LC-MS/MS) was used to quantify peramivir in buffer and biological sample. Using GastroPlus    software, intestinal effective permeability coefficient (P eff) of peramivir was estimated. RESULTS: Our results indicated that peramivir maintained stability in pH 5.5 and 7.4 buffers, fasted state simulated gastric fluid and fasted state simulated intestinal fluid, and human intestinal S9 fractions. The apparent permeability coefficient (P app) values of peramivir (10   M) were 3.29      0.73  *  10(-7)  cm/s in a Caco-2 cell model. In vivo intestinal effective permeability coefficient (P eff) was estimated to be 0.06  *  10(-4)  cm/s. Furthermore, co-incubating with cyclosporine, mitoxantrone, rifampicin, or paroxetine, the apical (AP) to basolateral (BL) flux of peramivir decreased (p  <  0.05). The efflux and influx of peramivir was not significantly affected with co-incubation with verapamil, MK-571, or diclofenac (p  >  0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These results revealed that carrier-mediated transports, including OATP1B (organic anion transport 1B) and OCT1 (organic cation transport 1), might be involved in the absorption of peramivir. In conclusion, our results provide insight into the poor oral bioavailability of peramivir. Peramivir can be classified as a BCS-III (high solubility/low permeability) and BDDCS-III high solubility/poor metabolism) drug. The oral bioavailability of peramivir primarily depends on its permeability across cell membranes. Both of passive and active transports are involved in the permeability of peramivir.
28000174|a|BACKGROUND: Oral rehydration therapy is the recommended treatment for acute childhood gastroenteritis. The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy and safety of gelatin tannate plus oral rehydration compared with oral rehydration alone. METHODS: We conducted a multicenter, parallel, randomized, controlled, single-blind, prospective, open-label trial. A central randomization center used computer generated tables to allocate treatments. The study was performed in two medical centers in Italy. Sixty patients 3-72  months of age with acute gastroenteritis were recruited (median age 18  months; age range 3-66  months): 29 received an oral rehydration solution (ORS) and 31 an ORS plus gelatin tannate (ORS  +  G). The primary outcome was the number of bowel movements 48 and 72  h after initiating treatment. Secondary outcomes were: duration of diarrhea, stool characteristics and adverse events. RESULTS: No patient was lost at follow-up. No significant difference in the number of bowel movements after 48  h was reported (2.7      1.3 ORS  +  G; 3.2      0.8 ORS; p  =  0.06), although the ORS  +  G group showed a significant improvement in stool consistency (3.7      1.0 vs. 4.3      0.8; p  =  0.005). At 72  h, a significant reduction in bowel movements was reported in the ORS  +  G group compared with the ORS group (1.0      1.4 vs. 2.0      1.7; p  =  0.01). Mean duration of diarrhea was significantly lower in the ORS  +  G group than in the ORS only group (76.8      19.2 vs. 108      24.0  h; p  <  0.0001). No adverse events were reported. CONCLUSIONS: Gelatin tannate added to oral rehydration in children with acute diarrhea was associated with a significant decrease in bowel movements at 72  h, with an early improvement in the stool consistency and shorter disease duration. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT02644200-Gelatin Tannate as Treatment for Acute Childhood Gastroenteritis ( https://www.clinicaltrials.gov ).
28000175|a|UNASSIGNED: Humans are generally in standing or sitting positions on Earth during the day. The musculoskeletal system supports these positions and also allows motion. Gravity acting in the longitudinal direction of the body generates a hydrostatic pressure difference and induces footward fluid shift. The vestibular system senses the gravity of the body and reflexively controls the organs. During spaceflight or exposure to microgravity, the load on the musculoskeletal system and hydrostatic pressure difference is diminished. Thus, the skeletal muscle, particularly in the lower limbs, is atrophied, and bone minerals are lost via urinary excretion. In addition, the heart is atrophied, and the plasma volume is decreased, which may induce orthostatic intolerance. Vestibular-related control also declines; in particular, the otolith organs are more susceptible to exposure to microgravity than the semicircular canals. Using an advanced resistive exercise device with administration of bisphosphonate is an effective countermeasure against bone deconditioning. However, atrophy of skeletal muscle and the heart has not been completely prevented. Further ingenuity is needed in designing countermeasures for muscular, cardiovascular, and vestibular dysfunctions.
28000176|a|UNASSIGNED: Coarctation of the aorta (CoA) is defined as a congenital stenosis of the thoracic aorta and is one of the most common congenital cardiovascular diseases. Despite successful surgical treatment for CoA, arterial abnormalities, including refractory hypertension, aortic aneurysm, and proatherogenic phenotypic changes, frequently affect patients' quality of life. Emerging evidence from morphological and molecular biological investigations suggest that the area of CoA is characterized by phenotypic modulation of smooth muscle cells, intimal thickening, and impaired elastic fiber formation. These changes extend to the pre-and post-stenotic aorta and impair arterial elasticity. The aim of this review is to present current findings on the pathology and molecular mechanisms of vascular remodeling due to CoA. In particular, we will discuss the association between CoA and the ductus arteriosus since the most common site for the stenosis is in the proximity of the ductus arteriosus.
28000186|a|Bowel dysfunction affected by functional factors, mechanical factors or surgical damage may lead to constipation, fecal incontinence and other overlapped symptoms, which is only the tip of the iceberg. Anorectal manometry can provide combined dysfunction information of four subtypes, including sphincter dysfunction, dyssynergic defecation, sensory disability and insufficient rectal expel force, which are underlying pathophysiology of defecation dysfunction. Anorectal manometry can be helpful in optimizing protocol or predicting success in pelvic floor dyssynergic syndrome of defecation, fecal incontinence or anorectal pain, stoma closure and pediatric intractable constipation. Interpretation of manometry parameter or data must consider the age, sex, symptoms, digital rectal examination, pelvic floor radiology(ultrasound, MR and defecography), physiology (pelvic floor sEMG and evoked potential testing) and psychology, in order to perform comprehensive assessment.
28000187|a|Defecation disorders is a common gastrointestinal disease characterized by slow colonic transit and/or paradoxical anal contraction. Gastrointestinal motility test plays an important role in the diagnosis, classification and treatment of defecation disorders. Anorectal manometry (ARM) provides comprehensive information about rectal and anal sphincter function, including resting anal sphincter pressure, squeeze anal sphincter pressure, the rectal and anal sphincter pressure changes during an attempted defecation, rectal sensory testing, rectoanal inhibitory reflex and rectal compliance. However, ARM can not diagnose the defecation disorders without the other tests. It should be combined with defecography and balloon expulsion test. Defecography demonstrates the anatomy and function of the anorectum and pelvic floor. Gastrointestinal transit test assesses regional and whole colon transit time. They are valuable methods in diagnosis of defecation disorders, but these tests have their respective advantages and disadvantages, and combined use should be carried out usually.
28000204|a|Severe acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS, PaO   /FiO    < 100 on PEEP >=  5 cm H   O) is treated using controlled mechanical ventilation (CMV), recently combined with muscle relaxation for 48 h and prone positioning. While the amplitude of tidal volume appears set < 6 mL kg     , the level of positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) remains controversial. This overview summarizes several salient points, namely: a) ARDS is an oxygenation defect: consolidation/ difuse alveolar damage is reversed by PEEP and/or prone positioning, at least during the early phase of ARDS b) ARDS is a dynamic disease and partially iatrogenic. This implies that the management of the ventilator may be a life-saver by reducing the duration of mechanical ventilation, or detrimental by extending this duration, leading into critical care-acquired diseases. Indeed, a high PEEP (10-24 cm H   O) appears to be a life-saver in the context of early severe diffuse ARDS; c) tidal volume and plateau pressure cannot be identical for all patients; d) the only remaining rationale for CMV and muscle relaxation is to suppress patient-ventilator asynchrony and to lower VO2, during the acute cardio-ventilatory distress. Therefore, in early severe diffuse ARDS, this review argues for a combination of a high PEEP (preferably titrated on transpulmonary pressure) with spontaneous ventilation + pressure support (or newer modes of ventilation). However, conditionalities are stringent: upfront circulatory optimization, upright positioning, lowered VO   , lowered acidotic and hypercapnic drives, sedation without ventilatory depression and without lowered muscular tone. As these propositions require evidence-based demonstration, the accepted practice remains, in 2016, controlled mechanical ventilation, muscle relaxation, and prone position.
28000205|a|The second part of this overview on early severe ARDS delineates the pros and cons of the following: a) controlled mechanical ventilation (CMV: lowered oxygen consumption and perfect patient-to-ventilator synchrony), to be used during acute cardio-ventilatory distress in order to "buy time" and correct circulatory insufficiency and metabolic defects (acidosis, etc.); b) spontaneous ventilation (SV: improved venous return, lowered intrathoracic pressure, absence of muscle atrophy). Given a stabilized early severe ARDS, as soon as the overall clinical situation improves, spontaneous ventilation will be used with the following stringent conditionalities: upfront circulatory optimization, upright positioning, lowered VO2, lowered acidotic and hypercapnic drives, sedation without ventilatory depression and without lowered muscular tone, as well as high PEEP (titrated on transpulmonary pressure, or as a second best: "trial"-PEEP) with spontaneous ventilation + pressure support (or newer modes of ventilation). As these propositions require evidence-based demonstration, the reader is reminded that the accepted practice remains, in 2016, controlled mechanical ventilation, muscle relaxation and prone position.
28000206|a|
28000207|a|This study presents a wavelet analysis of resultant velocity features belonging to genuine and forged groups of signature sample. Signatures of individuals were initially classified based on visual human perceptions of their relative sizes, complexities, and legibilities of the genuine counterparts. Then, the resultant velocity was extracted and modeled through wavelet analysis from each sample. The wavelet signal was decomposed into several layers based on maximum overlap discrete wavelet transform (MODWT). Next, the zero crossing rate features were calculated from all the high wavelet sub-bands. A total of seven hypotheses were then tested using a two-way ANOVA testing methodology. Of these, four hypotheses were conducted to test for significance differences between distributions. In addition, three hypotheses were run to provide test for interaction between two factors of signature authentication versus perceived classification. The results demonstrated that both feature distributions belonging to genuine and forged groups of samples cannot be distinguished by themselves. Instead, they were significantly different under the influence of two other inherent factors, namely perceived size and legibility. Such new findings are useful information particularly in providing bases for forensic justifications in establishing the authenticity of handwritten signature specimens.
28000215|a|
28000216|a|
28000225|a|OBJECTIVES/HYPOTHESIS: To determine the utility of isotretinoin oral rinses as a method of chemoprevention for recurrent oral cavity squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), carcinoma in situ, and dysplasia. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. METHODS: One hundred forty-three patients were initially enrolled in the study; however, 18 were excluded due to inability to tolerate therapy. The included patients were classified into four groups. Group 1 included patients with multiple early stage oral cavity lesions following initial resection. Group 2 included patients with SCC in situ after excision. Group 3 included patients with multifocal dysplasia following initial CO2 laser ablation. Group 4 included patients with a history of treated oral cavity SCC with new leukoplakia lesions proven to be dysplastic. Fifty-three patients in the control group did not use post-treatment isotretinoin rinses due to various reasons, whereas 72 patients completed therapy. Minimum use of isotretinoin rinses was 12 months, and minimum follow-up was 24 months. During the follow-up period, all recurrences of carcinoma, in situ disease, and dysplasia were noted and compared with a Fisher test of fit. A Bonferroni correction was applied to increase accuracy and strength of comparison. RESULTS: Using a Bonferroni correction, the significance threshold was 0.0125. By that cutoff, isotretinoin rinses were found to be associated with lower recurrence in groups 1 and 3 (P   =   .00014, P   =   .00002, respectively) but not in groups 2 and 4 (P   =   .4, P   =   .3846, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Oral isotretinoin as chemoprophylaxis for patients treated for oral cavity squamous cell carcinoma, in situ disease, or dysplasia may be beneficial in decreasing recurrence rate. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: 4. Laryngoscope, 127:1595-1599, 2017.
28000226|a|INTRODUCTION: Reproducible non-insertional spontaneous activity (SA), with the exception of endplate activity, is an unequivocal sign of abnormality and is one of the most useful findings obtained on electromyography. METHODS: In this retrospective study we analyzed occurrence and distribution of abnormal SA in 151 patients with genetically confirmed myopathies. RESULTS: Complex repetitive discharges (CRDs) occurred more frequently than fibrillation potentials (fibs) and positive sharp waves (PSWs) in centronuclear myopathy (CNM) and limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2A (LGMD-2A), whereas fibs/PSWs were observed more often in desminopathy and facioscapulohumeral dystrophy (FSHD). Abnormal SA was commonly found in CNM (66.7%) and desminopathy (61.5%), occasionally in Duchenne (DMD) and Becker muscular dystrophy (BMD) (45.2% and 27.6%, respectively), but rarely in FSHD (14.9%) and LGMD-2A (12.0%). CONCLUSIONS: Abnormal SA probably occurs more frequently in disorders associated with structural changes in muscle fibers. Screening for SA may be a valuable tool for diagnosis of non-myotonic myopathies. Muscle Nerve 56: 427-432, 2017.
28000227|a|BACKGROUND: The role of J-waves in the pathogenesis of ventricular fibrillation (VF) occurring in structurally normal hearts is important. METHODS: We evaluated 127 patients who received an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) for Brugada syndrome (BS, n = 53), early repolarization syndrome (ERS, n = 24), and patients with unknown or deferred diagnosis (n = 50). Electrocardiography (ECG), clinical characteristics, and ICD data were analyzed. RESULTS: J-waves were found in 27/50 patients with VF of unknown/deferred diagnosis. The J-waves were reminiscent of those seen in BS or ERS, and this subgroup of patients was termed variants of ERS and BS (VEB). In 12 VEB patients, the J/ST/T-wave morphology was coved, although amplitudes were <0.2 mV. In 15 patients, noncoved-type J/ST/T-waves were present in the right precordial leads. In the remaining 23 patients, no J-waves were identified. VEB patients exhibited clinical characteristics similar to those of BS and ERS patients. Phenotypic transition and overlap were observed among patients with BS, ERS, and VEB. Twelve patients with BS had background inferolateral ER, while five ERS patients showed prominent right precordial J-waves. Patients with this transient phenotype overlap showed a significantly lower shock-free survival than the rest of the study patients. CONCLUSIONS: VEB patients demonstrate ECG phenotype similar to but distinct from those of BS and ERS. The spectral nature of J-wave morphology/distribution and phenotypic transition/overlap suggest a common pathophysiologic background in patients with VEB, BS, and ERS. Prognostic implication of these ECG variations requires further investigation.
28000228|a|Anabaena sp. PCC7120 possesses three genes coding for single-stranded DNA-binding (SSB) protein, of which ssb1 was a single gene, and ssb2 and ssb3 are the first genes of their corresponding operons. Regulation of the truncated ssb genes, ssb1 (alr0088) and ssb2 (alr7559), was unaffected by N-status of growth. They were negatively regulated by the SOS-response regulatory protein LexA, as indicated by the (i) binding of Anabaena LexA to the LexA box of regulatory regions of ssb1 and ssb2, and (ii) decreased expression of the downstream gfp reporter gene in Escherichia coli upon co-expression of LexA. However, the full-length ssb gene, ssb3 (all4779), was regulated by the availability of Fe(2+) and combined nitrogen, as indicated by (i) increase in the levels of SSB3 protein on Fe(2+) -depletion and decrease under Fe(2+) -excess conditions, and (ii) 1.5- to 1.6-fold decrease in activity under nitrogen-fixing conditions compared to nitrogen-supplemented conditions. The requirement of Fe(2+) as a co-factor for repression by FurA and the increase in levels of FurA under nitrogen-deficient conditions in Anabaena (Lopez-Gomollon et  al. 2007) indicated a possible regulation of ssb3 by FurA. This was substantiated by (i) the binding of FurA to the regulatory region of ssb3, (ii) repression of the expression of the downstream gfp reporter gene in E.  coli upon co-expression of FurA, and (iii) negative regulation of ssb3 promoter activity by the upstream AT-rich region in Anabaena. This is the first report on possible role of FurA, an important protein for iron homeostasis, in DNA repair of cyanobacteria.
28000234|a|UNASSIGNED: Xanthogranuloma is a benign, non-Langerhans cell histiocytosis primarily diagnosed in infants and children, although a subset occurs in adults. Multifocal eruptive presentation of xanthogranuloma is very rare with only 4 previous cases reported in the literature to our knowledge. We describe a case of eruptive xanthogranuloma in a 49-year-old man who presented with sudden onset of numerous asymptomatic, red-yellow to orange papules on the face, scalp, axilla, flank and scrotum. Histologic features were consistent with xanthogranuloma with diffuse mixed infiltrate of foamy histiocytes, Touton giant cells and lymphocytes. Other than temporarily elevated non-fasting triglycerides, lab values have been unremarkable including serum plasma electrophoresis; however, the patient will continue to be monitored for ocular and other extracutaneous involvement and hematologic malignancies.
28000235|a|UNASSIGNED: Dirofilaria species are roundworms responsible for "heartworm" in canines. On occasion, humans are an accidental host, resulting in pulmonary (Dirofilaria immitis) or extrapulmonary (Dirofilaria repens) manifestations. Of the extrapulmonary sites of involvement, subcutaneous involvement is particularly common. We report a case of a 49-year-old female who presented with an erythematous nodule on her shin, which closely resembled necrobiosis lipoidica on histopathologic examination. On closer examination, there were foci of necrosis that harbored segments of the nematode, diagnostic of dirofiliarisis. We present this case to highlight the histopathologic similarities and differences between palisaded necrobiotic conditions and this potentially underrecognized entity.
28000250|a|UNASSIGNED: In ERP and other large multidimensional neuroscience data sets, researchers often select regions of interest (ROIs) for analysis. The method of ROI selection can critically affect the conclusions of a study by causing the researcher to miss effects in the data or to detect spurious effects. In practice, to avoid inflating Type I error rate (i.e., false positives), ROIs are often based on a priori hypotheses or independent information. However, this can be insensitive to experiment-specific variations in effect location (e.g., latency shifts) reducing power to detect effects. Data-driven ROI selection, in contrast, is nonindependent and uses the data under analysis to determine ROI positions. Therefore, it has potential to select ROIs based on experiment-specific information and increase power for detecting effects. However, data-driven methods have been criticized because they can substantially inflate Type I error rate. Here, we demonstrate, using simulations of simple ERP experiments, that data-driven ROI selection can indeed be more powerful than a priori hypotheses or independent information. Furthermore, we show that data-driven ROI selection using the aggregate grand average from trials (AGAT), despite being based on the data at hand, can be safely used for ROI selection under many circumstances. However, when there is a noise difference between conditions, using the AGAT can inflate Type I error and should be avoided. We identify critical assumptions for use of the AGAT and provide a basis for researchers to use, and reviewers to assess, data-driven methods of ROI localization in ERP and other studies.
28000251|a|UNASSIGNED: There is growing interest in psychophysiological and neural correlates of psychopathology, personality, and other individual differences. Many studies correlate a criterion individual difference variable (e.g., anxiety) with a psychophysiological measurement derived by subtracting scores taken from two within-subject conditions. These subtraction-based difference scores are intended to increase specificity by isolating variability of interest. Using data on the error-related negativity (ERN) and correct response negativity (CRN) in relation to generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), we highlight several conceptual and practical issues with subtraction-based difference scores and propose alternative approaches based on regression. We show that ERN and CRN are highly correlated, and that the   ERN (i.e., ERN   -   CRN) is correlated in opposite directions both with ERN and CRN. Bivariate analyses indicate that GAD is related to   ERN and ERN, but not CRN. We first show that, by using residualized scores, GAD relates both to a larger ERN and smaller CRN. Moreover, by probing the interaction of ERN and CRN, we show that the relationship between GAD and ERN varies by CRN. These latter findings are not evident when using traditional subtraction-based difference scores. We then completed follow-up analyses that suggested that an increased P300 in anxious individuals gave rise to the apparent anxiety/CRN relationship observed. These findings have important conceptual implications for facilitating the interpretability of results from individual difference studies of psychophysiology.
28000270|a|Diagnostic radiology is an essential component of treatment planning in the field of implant dentistry. This narrative review will present current concepts for the use of cone beam computed tomography imaging, before and after implant placement, in daily clinical practice and research. Guidelines for the selection of three-dimensional imaging will be discussed, and limitations will be highlighted. Current concepts of radiation dose optimization, including novel imaging modalities using low-dose protocols, will be presented. For preoperative cross-sectional imaging, data are still not available which demonstrate that cone beam computed tomography results in fewer intraoperative complications such as nerve damage or bleeding incidents, or that implants inserted using preoperative cone beam computed tomography data sets for planning purposes will exhibit higher survival or success rates. The use of cone beam computed tomography following the insertion of dental implants should be restricted to specific postoperative complications, such as damage of neurovascular structures or postoperative infections in relation to the maxillary sinus. Regarding peri-implantitis, the diagnosis and severity of the disease should be evaluated primarily based on clinical parameters and on radiological findings based on periapical radiographs (two dimensional). The use of cone beam computed tomography scans in clinical research might not yield any evident beneficial effect for the patient included. As many of the cone beam computed tomography scans performed for research have no direct therapeutic consequence, dose optimization measures should be implemented by using appropriate exposure parameters and by reducing the field of view to the actual region of interest.
28000271|a|Implant treatment in an atrophied edentulous posterior maxilla constitutes a challenge for the therapeutic team. The authors of the present study acknowledge that modern micro-rough surface implants in lengths of about 8-10  mm or longer and of different brands are similarly successful. Consequently, the authors propose that the use of different sinus floor elevation techniques should be considered when < 8  mm of bone is available below the maxillary sinus. The type of sinus floor elevation technique selected is mainly based on residual vertical bone height, marginal bone width, local intrasinus anatomy and the number of teeth to be replaced, although other factors (such as surgical training and surgical experience) may have an impact. It is proposed that a transcrestal sinus floor elevation approach can be considered as a first-choice method for single tooth gaps in  situations with sufficient width for implant placement and a residual bone height of 5-8  mm, while lateral sinus floor elevation, with or without grafting materials, is indicated when < 5  mm of bone is available and when several teeth are to be replaced. With regard to time of implant placement, a one-stage procedure is preferred provided that high primary stability can be ensured.
28000272|a|Successful osseointegration is the result of a controlled foreign body reaction to dental implants. Osseointegrated implants have demonstrated excellent long-term survivability, although they may be subject to limited marginal bone loss. Marginal bone loss during the first few years after implant placement seldom represents disease, but is instead the result of an adaptive bone response to surgical trauma and implant loading. It is not uncommon for implants with early marginal bone loss to enter a long-lasting state of bone stability. Extensive bone resorption after the first year is generally due to an exacerbation of adverse body reactions caused by non-optimal implant components, adverse surgery or prosthodontics and/or compromised patient factors. Disease in the form of peri-implantitis is a late complication that affects some implants with suppuration and rapid loss of crestal bone, and is probably caused by bacterial pathogens and immunological reactions. Unfortunately, the literature is not consistent with respect to the type or magnitude of clinical implant problems, including how they are defined and diagnosed. If the peri-implantitis diagnosis is confined to cases with infection, suppuration and significant bone loss, the frequency of the disease is relatively low, which is in sharp contrast to the frequencies reported with unrealistic definitions of peri-implantitis. We suggest that when modern implants are placed by properly trained individuals, only 1-2% of implants show true peri-implantitis during follow-up periods of 10  years or more. Peri-implantitis must be separated from the initial and self-limiting marginal bone loss.
28000286|a|AIMS: Temsirolimus is an inhibitor of the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR). Pharmacokinetic (PK) characterization of temsirolimus in children is limited and there is no paediatric temsirolimus population PK model available. The objective of this study was to simultaneously characterize the PK of temsirolimus and its metabolite sirolimus in paediatric patients with recurrent solid or central nervous system tumours and to develop a population PK model. METHODS: The PK data for temsirolimus and sirolimus were collected as a part of a Children's Oncology Group phase I clinical trial in paediatric patients with recurrent solid tumours. Serial blood concentrations obtained from 19 patients participating in the PK portion of the study were used for the analysis. Population PK analysis was performed by nonlinear mixed effect modelling using NONMEM. RESULTS: A three-compartment model with zero-order infusion was found to best describe temsirolimus PK. Allometrically scaled body weight was included in the model to account for body size differences. Temsirolimus dose was identified as a significant covariate on clearance. A sirolimus metabolite formation model was developed and integrated with the temsirolimus model. A two-compartment structure model adequately described the sirolimus data. CONCLUSION: This study is the first to describe a population PK model of temsirolimus combined with sirolimus formation and disposition in paediatric patients. The developed model will facilitate PK model-based dose individualization of temsirolimus and the design of future clinical studies in children.
28000287|a|BACKGROUND: We studied the association between high serum levels of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and clinical outcomes of intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) patients. METHODS: Patients were divided into group A (<20  mL), group B (20-30  mL), and group C (>30  mL) based on the bleeding amount. ICH patients were also categorized into the mild group, moderate group (16-30), and severe group (31-45) based on the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS). The serum levels of VEGF in acute ICH patients detected at 24, 48, and 72  hours were obtained using ELISA kit, and then compared with control group. Main clinical outcomes were evaluated using the modified Rankin scale at 90  days. RESULTS: The serum levels of VEGF were significantly higher than those in the control group. The serum levels of VEGF in group C were specifically higher compared with those in other two groups. The severe group exhibited higher levels of VEGF than the other two groups. NIHSS scores in patients with good outcomes were lower than those with poor outcomes. Besides, VEGF levels in patients with good outcomes were much higher than those in patients with poor outcomes. ROC results indicated that the optimal cut-off value of VEGF at 72  hours for predicting good outcomes was 111.17  pg/mL with 91.5 sensitivity, 98.7 specificity, and an AUC of 0.952 Our results showed that higher serum levels of VEGF were associated with process of ICH. CONCLUSION: VEGF could be a new marker in ICH for severity.
28000288|a|To investigate the impact of kidney transplantation (KTx) on insulin sensitivity affecting glucose metabolism. 9 nondiabetic patients awaiting living donor KTx were examined prior to transplantation with an oral glucose tolerance test and a 3-h hyperinsulinaemic-euglycaemic clamp. The clamp was repeated 6 months after KTx. Nine age-, gender- and body mass index (BMI)-matched individuals with normal kidney function served as controls. Endogenous glucose production and glucose disappearance rate (N = 6) were measured in a subgroup of patients with corresponding controls. Results presented as mean [range]. Two patients had pretransplant prediabetes, whereas all others had normal glucose tolerance. After KTx, average glucose infusion rate to maintain euglycaemia during clamp declined significantly from 15.1 [9.1-23.7] to 9.8 [2.8-14.6]  mol/kg/min (P < 0.01) with 20.2 [9.9-33.7]  mol/kg/min in controls. Endogenous glucose production increased from 7.0 [4.8-8.5] to 9.4 [7.4-11.8]  mol/kg/min (P < 0.05) with 7.0 [-3.8 to 10.1]  mol/kg/min in controls. Glucose disappearance rate was unchanged (18.1 [12.9-24.5] vs. 17.1 [12.2-22.7]  mol/kg/min, NS) with 22.3 [14.6-34.3] in controls. In conclusion, insulin sensitivity is reduced 6 months after KTx and characterized mainly by impaired suppression of the endogenous glucose production.
28000293|a|BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: KV 7.1 voltage-gated potassium channels are expressed in vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMC) of diverse arteries, including mesenteric arteries. Based on pharmacological evidence using R-L3 (KV 7.1 channel opener), HMR1556, chromanol 293B (KV 7.1 channel blockers), stimulation of these channels has been suggested to evoke profound relaxation in various vascular beds of rats. However, the specificity of these drugs in vivo is uncertain. EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH: We used Kcnq1-/- mice and pharmacological tools to determine whether KV 7.1 channels play a role in the regulation of arterial tone. KEY RESULTS: R-L3 produced similar concentration-dependent relaxations (EC50   ~  1.4   M) of arteries from wild-type (Kcnq1+/+ ) and Kcnq1-/- mice, pre-contracted with either phenylephrine or 60  mM KCl. This relaxation was not affected by 10   M chromanol 293B, 10   M HMR1556 or 30   M XE991 (pan-KV 7 channel blocker). The anti-contractile effects of the perivascular adipose tissue (PVAT) were normal in Kcnq1-/- arteries. Chromanol 293B and HMR1556 did not affect the anti-contractile effects of (PVAT). Isolated VSMCs from Kcnq1-/- mice exhibited normal peak KV currents. The KV 7.2-5 channel opener retigabine caused similar relaxations in Kcnq1-/- and wild-type vessels. CONCLUSION AND IMPLICATIONS: We conclude that KV 7.1 channels were apparently not involved in the control of arterial tone by a1 -adrenoceptor agonists and PVAT. In addition, R-L3 is an inappropriate pharmacological tool for studying the function of native vascular KV 7.1 channels in mice.
28000294|a|Crystallographic data of the dimeric and octameric forms of fragaceatoxin C (FraC) suggested the key role of a small hydrophobic protein-protein interaction surface for actinoporins oligomerization and pore formation in membranes. However, site-directed mutagenesis studies supporting this hypothesis for others actinoporins are still lacking. Here, we demonstrate that disrupting the key hydrophobic interaction between V60 and F163 (FraC numbering scheme) in the oligomerization interface of FraC, equinatoxin II (EqtII), and sticholysin II (StII) impairs the pore formation activity of these proteins. Our results allow for the extension of the importance of FraC protein-protein interactions in the stabilization of the oligomeric intermediates of StII and EqtII pointing out that all of these proteins follow a similar pathway of membrane disruption. These findings support the hybrid pore proposal as the universal model of actinoporins pore formation. Moreover, we reinforce the relevance of dimer formation, which appears to be a functional intermediate in the assembly pathway of some different pore-forming proteins.
28000299|a|OBJECTIVE: The aim was to develop prolonged-release minitablets (MT) with carbamazepine (CBZ). METHODS: Matrix-type 3-mm MT (5 mg CBZ) were prepared by direct compression using hydrophilic (hypromellose) or hydrophobic polymers (ethylcellulose, Kollidon SR, glyceryl behenate). Coated prolonged-release MT (2.5 mm/3 mg of CBZ) were produced using ethylcellulose or Eudragit RL/RS. The release tests were performed in a basket apparatus with water or 1% sodium lauryl sulphate solution as dissolution media. KEY FINDINGS: High-viscosity hypromellose used as a matrix polymer resulted in slow release of CBZ (80% released during 12 h). Dissolution was slower from hydrophobic matrices. Non-swelling MT cores were successfully coated with Eudragit RL/RS, which resulted in the prolonged release of CBZ (80%/14 h), depending on the film thickness and Eudragit composition. Careful choice of pore formers in the coating film allowed to reduce lag time. Ethylcellulose was unsuitable as coating polymer due to low permeability to CBZ and unsatisfying mechanical resistance of the films modified with hypromellose. CONCLUSION: Prolonged release of CBZ was obtained from both matrix-type and coated MT. Further development of MT as a single unit or multicompartment prolonged-release new dosage form especially suitable for children has been justified.
28000305|a|BACKGROUND: Parotidectomy is usually performed while the patient is under general anesthesia, however, sedation with locoregional anesthesia could be an alternative. METHODS: Fifteen adult patients with parotid tumors of the superficial lobe were included in this study. Anesthetic procedure consisted of sedation associated with cervical plexus and auriculotemporal nerve block. Sedation was managed based on the bispectral index. RESULTS: Superficial parotidectomies were performed in 13 patients, and combined partial resections were performed in 2 patients. The mean operative time was 118.2        16.4 minutes. Conversion to general anesthesia was necessary in only 1 patient. Ten surgeries were performed on an outpatient basis. Definitive facial paralysis occurred in 1 patient. All patients reported total satisfaction with the procedure. CONCLUSION: In selected cases, parotidectomy under sedation plus locoregional anesthesia is feasible and safe. The careful selection of patients and the close collaboration with an anesthesiologist is the key to a successful procedure.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. Head Neck, 2016.
28000307|a|UNASSIGNED: Here, we present an optically optimized system for static ultramicroscopy imaging technique. The unit for generating an ultra-thin light sheet employs aspheric and meso-optical elements (meso-aspheric system). An analytical as well as an experimental comparison between the light sheet produced by the standard system (using a rectangular slit aperture and one cylindrical lens) and the one produced by our latest optimized system, which converts a symmetrical Gaussian beam into an ultra-thin light sheet is presented. Using the new light sheet in combination with our objective equipped with a modulator unit to compensate the refractive index mismatch between air and mediums with indices of 1.45-1.56, we present high resolution images of various biological samples that were chemically cleared using different methods. They demonstrate a marked improvement in quality, contrast and resolution.
28000308|a|AIMS: Distinguishing premalignant sessile serrated lesions (SSLs) from hyperplastic polyps (HPs) is difficult for pathologists in daily practice. We aimed to evaluate nationwide variability within histopathology laboratories in the frequency of diagnosing an SSL as compared with an HP within the Dutch population-based screening programme for colorectal cancer and to assess the effect of an e-learning module on interlaboratory consistency. METHODS AND RESULTS: Data were retrieved from the Dutch Pathology Registry from the start of the nationwide population screening programme, January 2014, until December 2015. An obligatory e-learning module was implemented among pathologists in October 2014. The ratio between SSL and HP diagnosis was determined per laboratory. Odds ratios (ORs) for the diagnosis of an SSL per laboratory were compared with the laboratory with the median odds (median laboratory), before and after implementation of the e-learning module. In total, 14 997 individuals with 27 879 serrated polyps were included; 6665 (23.9%) were diagnosed as SSLs, and 21 214 as HPs (76.1%). The ratio of diagnosing an SSL ranged from 5% to 47% (median 23%) within 44 laboratories. Half of the laboratories showed a significantly different OR (range 3.47-0.16) for diagnosing an SSL than the median laboratory. Variability decreased after implementation of the e-learning module (P = 0.02). Of all pathology laboratories, 70% became more consistent with the median laboratory after e-learning implementation. CONCLUSIONS: We demonstrated substantial interlaboratory variability in the histopathological diagnosis of SSLs, which significantly decreased after implementation of a structured e-learning module. Widespread implementation of education might contribute to more homogeneous practice among pathologists.
28000311|a|BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Subcutaneous immunoglobulin (SCIG) is effective as maintenance treatment in chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP). We investigated whether multiple subcutaneous infusions are as effective as conventional therapy with intravenous loading doses in treatment-naive patients with CIDP. METHODS: Twenty patients fulfilling the clinical and electrophysiological criteria for CIDP were included and treated with either SCIG (0.4 g/kg/week) for 5 weeks or intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) (0.4 g/kg/day) for 5 days. After 10 weeks, patients were switched to the opposite treatment arm and followed for a further 10 weeks. All participants were evaluated at weeks 0, 2, 5 and 10 during both therapies. Primary outcome was combined isokinetic muscle strength (cIKS). Secondary outcomes were disability, clinical evaluation of muscle strength and the performance of various function tests. RESULTS: All participants received both therapies, 14 completing the protocol. Overall, cIKS increased by 7.4    14.5% (P = 0.0003) during SCIG and by 6.9    16.8% (P = 0.002) during IVIG, the effect being similar (P = 0.80). Improvement of cIKS peaked 2 weeks after IVIG and 5 weeks after SCIG. Disability improved during SCIG treatment only. Muscle strength determined by manual muscle testing improved after 5 and 10 weeks during SCIG but only after 5 weeks during IVIG. The remaining parameters improved equally during both treatments. Plasma immunoglobulin G levels at baseline and improvement of cIKS were related. CONCLUSION: In treatment-naive patients with CIDP, short-lasting SCIG and IVIG therapy improve motor performance to a similar degree, but with earlier maximal improvement following IVIG than SCIG treatment.
28000312|a|This study was designed to investigate how motor coordination adapts to unilateral fatigue of the quadriceps during a constant-load bilateral pedaling task. We first hypothesized that this local fatigue would not be compensated within the fatigued muscles leading to a decreased knee extension power. Then, we aimed to determine whether this decrease would be compensated by between-joints compensations within the ipsilateral leg and/or an increased contribution of the contralateral leg. Fifteen healthy volunteers were tested during pedaling at 350  W before and after a fatigue protocol consisting of 15  minutes of electromyostimulation on the quadriceps muscle. Motor coordination was assessed from myoelectrical activity (22 muscles) and joint powers calculated through inverse dynamics. Maximal knee extension torque decreased by 28.3%  6.8% (P<.0005) immediately after electromyostimulation. A decreased knee extension power produced by the ipsilateral leg was observed during pedaling (-22.8  12.3  W, -17.0%  9.4%; P<.0005). To maintain the task goal, participants primarily increased the power produced by the non-fatigued contralateral leg during the flexion phase. This was achieved by an increase in hip flexion power confirmed by a higher activation of the tensor fascia latae. These results suggest no adjustment of neural drive to the fatigued muscles and demonstrate no concurrent ipsilateral compensation by the non-fatigued muscles involved in the extension pedaling phase. Although interindividual variability was observed, findings provide evidence that participants predominantly adapted by compensating with the contralateral leg during its flexion phase. Both neural (between legs) and mechanical (between pedals) couplings and the minimization of cost functions might explain these results.
28000314|a|UNASSIGNED: Under high pressure, some materials form electrides, with valence electrons separated from all atoms and occupying interstitial regions. This is often accompanied by semiconducting or insulating behavior. The interstitial quasiatoms (ISQ) that characterize some high pressure electrides have been postulated to show some of the chemical features of atoms, including the potential of forming covalent bonds. It is argued that in the observed high-pressure semiconducting Li phase (oC40, Aba2), an example of such quasimolecules is realized. The theoretical evaluation of electron density, electron localization function, Wannier orbitals, and bond indices forms the evidence for covalently bonded ISQ pairs in this material. The quasimolecule concept thus provides a simple chemical perspective on the unusual insulating behavior of such materials, complementing the physical picture previously presented where the global crystal symmetry of the system plays the major role.
28000317|a|IMT, previously known as IPT, is a relatively rare tumor that was originally described in the lungs, but case reports have reported the tumor in almost every organ system. Surgical resection is typically the mainstay of therapy; however, tumors have also been shown to respond to chemotherapy or anti-inflammatory therapy and some have spontaneously regressed. We present a literature review and case report representing the first documentation to date of liver transplant combined with PD for surgical resection of a myofibroblastic tumor non-responsive to medical therapy.
28000319|a|We have synthesized two isomeric pairs of benzo- and naphthodithiophenediones with two flanking thiophenes and characterized them by single-crystal X-ray analysis, cyclic voltammetry, steady-state optical electronic absorption and emission spectroscopies, transient absorption spectroscopy, and vibrational spectroscopies with in situ spectroelectrochemistry techniques, and then compared them with the thieno[3,2-b]thiophene-2,5-dione counterpart that we previously reported. The results show that the central acenedithiophenedione cores have quinoidal conjugation with closed-shell character. The   -extension of the quinoidal core raises (lowers) the HOMO (LUMO) energy levels of the triads, resulting in the drastic reduction of their energy gaps from approximately 2.0   eV to 1.1   eV. Owing to the electron-withdrawing nature of the carbonyl terminal group at the quinoidal core, the triads have low-lying LUMO energy levels ranging from -3.9   eV to -4.3   eV, and can be regarded as strong electron-acceptor building units. Interestingly, the pairs of structural isomers have similar electronic structures in both the neutral and charged states despite the different shapes (linear and angular) and/or symmetry (C2h and C2v ) of the acenedithiophenedione cores.
28000320|a|
28000329|a|An enzyme-mediated approach for the assembly of singly modified RNA constructs in which specific G residues are replaced with th G, an emissive isomorphic G surrogate, is reported. Transcription in the presence of th G and native nucleoside triphosphates enforces initiation with the unnatural analogue, yielding 5'-end modified transcripts that can be mono-phosphorylated and ligated to provide longer site-specifically modified RNA constructs. The scope of this unprecedented enzymatic approach to non-canonical purine-containing RNAs is explored via the assembly of several altered hammerhead (HH) ribozymes and a singly modified HH substrate. By strategically modifying key positions, a mechanistic insight into the ribozyme-mediated cleavage is gained. Additionally, the emissive features of the modified nucleoside and its responsiveness to environmental changes can be used to monitor cleavage in real time by steady state fluorescence spectroscopy.
28000332|a|UNASSIGNED: Oxidative intramolecular 1,2-amino-oxygenation reactions, combining gold(I)/gold(III) catalysis, is reported. The reaction provides efficient access to a structurally unique ionic pyridinium-oxazole dyad with tunable emission wavelengths. The application of these fluorophores as potential biomarkers has been investigated.
28000333|a|BACKGROUND: Participation in social networking sites has considerable potential to leverage the individual's social capital, including persons with intellectual disabilities, whose real-world social networks are fairly limited. METHOD: This study aimed to understand how individuals with intellectual disabilities use Facebook to access social capital benefits, if at all. Qualitative interviews and observations were conducted with 20 adult Facebook users with intellectual disabilities. RESULTS: The online participation enhanced their bonding social capital as well as contributed to their psychological well-being through increasing their online visibility, popularity and sense of belonging. At the same time, they experienced stress and frustration due to usage difficulties, which prevented them from enhancing their bridging social capital. CONCLUSIONS: Participation in social networking sites may also leverage bridging social capital of persons with intellectual disabilities, but they need a more accessible platform and ongoing support to ensure safe and fruitful participation.
28000338|a|OBJECTIVES: International health agencies have promoted nontargeted universal (opt-out) HIV screening tests in different settings, including emergency departments (EDs). We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the testing uptake of strategies (opt-in targeted, opt-in nontargeted and opt-out) to detect new cases of HIV infection in EDs. METHODS: We searched the Pubmed and Embase databases, from 1984 to April 2015, for opt-in and opt-out HIV diagnostic strategies used in EDs. Randomized controlled or quasi experimental studies were included. We assessed the percentage of positive individuals tested for HIV infection in each programme (opt-in and opt-out strategies). The mean percentage was estimated by combining studies in a random-effect meta-analysis. The percentages of individuals tested in the programmes were compared in a random-effect meta-regression model. Data were analysed using stata version 12. Quality assessments were performed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. RESULTS: Of the 90 papers identified, 28 were eligible for inclusion. Eight trials used opt-out, 18 trials used opt-in, and two trials used both to detect new cases of HIV infection. The test was accepted and taken by 75 155 of 172 237 patients (44%) in the opt-out strategy, and 73 581 of 382 992 patients (19%) in the opt-in strategy. The prevalence of HIV infection detected by the opt-out strategy was 0.40% (373 cases), that detected by the opt-in nontargeted strategy was 0.52% (419 cases), and that detected by the opt-in targeted strategy was 1.06% (52 cases). CONCLUSIONS: In this meta-analysis, the testing uptake of the opt-out strategy was not different from that of the opt-in strategy to detect new cases of HIV infection in EDs.
28000339|a|BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Epilepsy has been associated with cardiovascular comorbidity. Risk prediction equations are the standard tools in primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Our aim was to compare the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors (CVRFs), cardiovascular risk and statin use in people with epilepsy (PWE) and the general population. METHODS: The CVRFs and cardiovascular risk score were compared between 815 PWE from an outpatient register and 5336 participants from a general population cohort. RESULTS: People with epilepsy had less hypertension (43.3% vs. 50.4%), less diabetes (15.8% vs. 19.2%), more dyslipidemia (40.2% vs. 34.6%) and lower cardiovascular risk than the general population (P < 0.01). No etiology was associated with a worse CVRF profile or higher cardiovascular risk. Patients taking enzyme-inducing antiepileptic drugs (EIAEDs) had more dyslipidemia than the general population (41.6% vs. 34.6%) but similar cardiovascular risk. Independently of risk or CVRFs, PWE had 60% more probability of receiving statins than the general population. CONCLUSIONS: People with epilepsy had more dyslipidemia, related to EIAEDs, and lower cardiovascular risk but still took more statins than the general population. Physicians should use clinical judgement to decide on further treatment of CVRFs in PWE who are below the recommended risk threshold for treatment and should consider lipid abnormalities a potential side-effect of EIAEDs. Other therapy options may need to be evaluated before starting lipid-lowering treatment.
28000352|a|
28000353|a|BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: There is a clinical impression that patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) have a higher level of physical fitness and lower body mass index (BMI) than average. However, there is a lack of literature examining the relationship between cognitive fitness and ALS risk. In this study we explored the associations of both physical and cognitive fitness with future risk of ALS. METHODS: Data on physical fitness, BMI, intelligence quotient (IQ) and stress resilience were collected from 1 838 376 Swedish men aged 17-20 years at conscription during 1968-2010. Their subsequent ALS diagnoses were identified through the Swedish Patient Register. Hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs from flexible parametric models were used to assess age-specific associations of physical fitness, BMI, IQ and stress resilience with ALS. RESULTS: We identified 439 incident ALS cases during follow-up (mean age at diagnosis: 48 years). Individuals with physical fitness above the highest tertile tended to have a higher risk of ALS before the age of 45 years (range of HRs: 1.42-1.75; statistically significant associations at age 41-43 years) compared with others. Individuals with BMI >=  25 tended to have a lower risk of ALS at all ages (range of HRs: 0.42-0.80; statistically significant associations at age 42-48 years) compared with those with BMI < 25. Individuals with IQ above the highest tertile had a statistically significantly increased risk of ALS at an age of 56 years and above (range of HRs: 1.33-1.81), whereas individuals with stress resilience above the highest tertile had a lower risk of ALS at an age of 55 years and below (range of HRs: 0.47-0.73). CONCLUSIONS: Physical fitness, BMI, IQ and stress resilience in young adulthood might be associated with the development of ALS at an early age.
28000355|a|
28000367|a|Immobilization of bioactive peptide sequences on CoCr surfaces is an effective route to improve endothelialization, which is of great interest for cardiovascular stents. In this work, we explored the effect of physical and covalent immoblization of RGDS, YIGSR and their equimolar combination peptides on endothelial cells (EC) and smooth muscle cell (SMC) adhesion and on thrombogenicity. We extensively investigated using RT-qPCR, the expression by ECs cultured on functionalised CoCr surfaces of different genes. Genes relevant for adhesion (ICAM-1 and VCAM-1), vascularization (VEGFA, VEGFR-1 and VEGFR-2) and anti-thrombogenicity (tPA and eNOS) were over-expressed in the ECs grown to covalently functionalized CoCr surfaces compared to physisorbed and control surfaces. Pro-thrombogenic genes expression (PAI-1 and vWF) decreased over time. Cell co-cultures of ECs/SMCs found that functionalization increased the amount of adhered ECs onto modified surfaces compared to plain CoCr, independently of the used peptide and the strategy of immobilization. SMCs adhered less compared to ECs in all surfaces. All studied peptides showed a lower platelet cell adhesion compared to TCPS. Covalent functionalization of CoCr surfaces with an equimolar combination of RGDS and YIGSR represented prevailing strategy to enhance the early stages of ECs adhesion and proliferation, while preventing SMCs and platelet adhesion.    2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Biomed Mater Res Part A: 105A: 973-983, 2017.
28000368|a|The Theory of Island Biogeography (TIB) predicts how area and isolation influence species richness equilibrium on insular habitats. However, the TIB remains silent about functional trait composition and provides no information on the scaling of functional diversity with area, an observation that is now documented in many systems. To fill this gap, we develop a probabilistic approach to predict the distribution of a trait as a function of habitat area and isolation, extending the TIB beyond the traditional species-area relationship. We compare model predictions to the body-size distribution of piscivorous and herbivorous fishes found on tropical reefs worldwide. We find that small and isolated reefs have a higher proportion of large-sized species than large and connected reefs. We also find that knowledge of species body-size and trophic position improves the predictions of fish occupancy on tropical reefs, supporting both the allometric and trophic theory of island biogeography. The integration of functional ecology to island biogeography is broadly applicable to any functional traits and provides a general probabilistic approach to study the scaling of trait distribution with habitat area and isolation.
28000369|a|Climate change is predicted to cause a decline in warm-margin plant populations, but this hypothesis has rarely been tested. Understanding which species and habitats are most likely to be affected is critical for adaptive management and conservation. We monitored the density of 46 populations representing 28 species of arctic-alpine or boreal plants at the southern margin of their ranges in the Rocky Mountains of Montana, USA, between 1988 and 2014 and analysed population trends and relationships to phylogeny and habitat. Marginal populations declined overall during the past two decades; however, the mean trend for 18 dicot populations was -5.8% per year, but only -0.4% per year for the 28 populations of monocots and pteridophytes. Declines in the size of peripheral populations did not differ significantly among tundra, fen and forest habitats. Results of our study support predicted effects of climate change and suggest that vulnerability may depend on phylogeny or associated anatomical/physiological attributes.
28000375|a|OBJECTIVE: Compare total percentage body fat (pfat) measurements between two densitometers and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) estimates between iDXA and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) from the same defined abdominal region. METHODS: Participants [N = 93 (50 men, 43 women), BMI: 19.1-57.6 kg/m(2) ] underwent dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scans on two DXA systems (GE Healthcare Lunar iDXA and Lunar Prodigy), and a subgroup underwent abdominal MRI imaging for quantification of VAT. RESULTS: Pfat correlated strongly between both machines (r(2)    =   0.98, P   <   1.0E-14). Bland-Altman plots showed a bias with higher measured pfat on iDXA versus Prodigy in leaner subjects and the opposite in more overweight subjects. The R(2) for regression of MRI on iDXA VAT values was 0.948. Bland-Altman bias was +104.1 cm(3) with 95% limits of agreement of -681.9 to 890.0 cm(3) . For both DXA methods, and iDXA versus MRI determined VAT, comparison using rank regression demonstrated no order bias. CONCLUSIONS: The total pfat measured by both machines was strongly and linearly associated, allowing for conversion (equations are provided) of iDXA for assessment of longitudinal body fat changes. Despite a bias of abdominal VAT measures of iDXA versus MRI, the high rank correlation makes iDXA a good alternative to the more complicated and time-consuming MRI for use in larger cross-sectional and longitudinal studies.
28000376|a|UNASSIGNED: Single-crystal X-ray characterization of cationic (a-diimine)Ni-ethyl and isopropyl b-agostic complexes, which are key intermediates in olefin polymerization and oligomerization, are presented. The sharp Ni-Ca -Cb angles (75.0(3)   and 74.57(18)  ) and short Ca -Cb distances (1.468(7) and 1.487(5)     ) provide unambiguous evidence for a b-agostic interaction. An inverse equilibrium isotope effect (EIE) for ligand coordination upon cleavage of the agostic bond highlights the weaker bond strength of Ni-H relative to the C-H bond. An Eyring plot for b-hydride elimination-olefin rotation-reinsertion is constructed from variable-temperature NMR spectra with (13) C-labeled agostic complexes. The enthalpy of activation (  H(   ) ) for b-H elimination is 13.2   kcal   mol(-1) . These results offer important mechanistic insight into two critical steps in polymerization: ligand association upon cleavage of the b-agostic bonds and chain-migration via b-H elimination.
28000377|a|Family interventions have been emphasized in the treatment of bipolar disorder (BPD) due to the bidirectional and entangled relationships between patients and the family system, and have benefits for patients' symptoms and health; however, the effects of family interventions on family function and caregivers' health-related outcomes have not been well investigated. This randomized, controlled trial with 47 hospitalized patients with BPD/family caregiver dyads at a medical centre in northern Taiwan compared the effects of a brief family-centred care (BFCC) programme with treatment as usual (TAU). All of the family caregivers in two groups were invited to attend a routine 60-min family discussion group about violence and suicide prevention. The TAU group without specific family interview for patient and family caregiver dyad. In the BFCC group, four 90-min BFCC programme sessions were additionally provided twice a week for each hospitalized family dyad. We hypothesized that, first, family caregivers in the BFCC group could increase their family function, and second, improve perceived health status and reduce caregiver's burdens compared to the TAU. The results showed that family caregivers in the BFCC group significant interaction effects in overall family function (P  =  0.03) and subscale conflict (P  =  0.04), communication (P  =  0.01), and problem-solving (P  =  0.04), but there were no significant interaction effects on the caregivers' perceived health status and caregivers' burdens. Our findings support both the feasibility of using the BFCC programme for inpatients and its specific benefits for family function. An intensive family intervention during hospitalization has been suggested in psychiatric practice to support patients with BPD and family caregivers.
28000378|a|Biological invasions are a worldwide phenomenon, but the global flows between native and alien regions have rarely been investigated in a cross-taxonomic study. We therefore lack a thorough understanding of the global patterns of alien species spread. Using native and alien ranges of 1380 alien species, we show that the number of alien species follows a hump-shaped function of geographic distance. We observe distinct variations in the relationship between alien species exchanges and distance among taxonomic groups, which relate to the taxa-specific dispersal modes and their pathways of introduction. We formulate a simple statistical model, combining trade volume and biogeographic dissimilarity, which reproduces the observed pattern in good agreement with reported data and even captures variations among taxonomic groups. This study demonstrates the universality of the intermediate distance hypothesis of alien species spread across taxonomic groups, which will help to improve the predictability of new alien species arrivals.
28000380|a|The objective of this work is to study the protective effects of Quercetin against sodium nitrite-induced hypoxia on liver, lung, kidney and cardiac tissues, also to explore novel mechanism of this compound. Male albino rats were injected with sodium nitrite (75  mg/kg). Quercetin (200  mg  kg-1 ,- i.p.) was administrated 24 and 1  h respectively prior to sodium nitrite intoxication, hypoxia significantly decreased hemoglobin concentration, while increased expressions of HIF, Bax, Smad-2, TGF-b, and AKT. However, administration of Quercetin played a modulatory role against the previous mentioned apoptotic factors protein expressions in all the studied tissues. On the other hand, Bcl-2 was downregulated by NaNO2 , whereas concurrent treatment with Quercetin increased its expression. It was concluded that Quercetin possesses an anti-apoptotic action induced by NaNO2 -intoxication via different mechanisms. Quercetin administration is recommended in areas of high altitudes to combat the hazard effect of hypoxia in different organs and in some diseases accompanied by hypoxic stress.
28000390|a|OBJECTIVES: Efavirenz (EFV), a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor, is a drug that is frequently included in highly active antiretroviral therapy for treatment of HIV infection. Decreased bioavailability and increased toxicity limit its use. We report a formulation of efavirenz-loaded lactoferrin nanoparticles (lacto-EFV-nano) for oral delivery which exhibited significantly improved pharmacological properties coupled with reduced toxicity compared with its free form. METHODS: Lacto-EFV-nano was prepared using the Sol-oil protocol and characterized using various sources of characterization. In vitro and in vivo studies were performed to test the stability, safety, efficacy, biodistribution and pharmacokinetics of lacto-EFV-nano. RESULTS: The nanoparticles prepared for the present study had an average size of 45-60 nm as revealed by field emission scanning electron microscope measurements. Further, dynamic light scattering data showed a hydrodynamic radius of 103    5.3 nm, a zeta potential of -23    1.2 mV and a polydispersity index of < 0.341. Lacto-EFV-nano was found to be stable as assessed using differential scanning calorimetry and Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy. Cell viability studies showed that lacto-EFV-nano was at least 2-fold less toxic to peripheral blood mononuclear cells, Jurkat T cell and B16-F10 cell lines than free EFV. Furthermore, lacto-EFV-nano [50% inhibitory concentration (IC<sub>50</sub> ) < 1.1 nM] showed > 2-fold enhanced anti-HIV-1 activity compared with free EFV (IC<sub>50</sub> = 2.56 nM). Lacto-EFV-nano exhibited improved oral bioavailability and an improved in vivo pharmacokinetic profile, with a > 3-4-fold increase in the area under the plasma concentration-time curve (AUC), a 6-7-fold increase in the area under the first moment curve (AUMC), a > 30% increase in the peak plasma concentration of the drug after oral administration (C<sub>max</sub> ) and a 2-fold increase in the time to reach C<sub>max</sub> (T<sub>max</sub> ) and the time required for the concentration of the drug to reach half of its original value (t<sub>1/2</sub> ). Furthermore, lacto-EFV-nano did not show any organ-related toxicity. A significant decrease in the concentrations of various parameters, elevated concentrations of which are markers of reduced safety, were also observed in rats treated with lacto-EFV-nano. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with free EFV, lacto-EFV-nano is a promising oral nanoformulation with enhanced bioavailability and efficacy of EFV and improved safety.
28000395|a|BACKGROUND: Cancer is emerging as a major cause of childhood mortality in low- and middle-income countries. In Mexico, cancer is the number one cause of death in children aged 5-14. Until recently, many children with cancer from Baja California, Mexico, went untreated. We reasoned that an initiative inspired by the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital (SJCRH) "twinning" model could successfully be applied to the San Diego-Tijuana border region. In 2008, a twinning project was initiated by Rady Children's Hospital, SJCRH, and the General Hospital Tijuana (GHT). Our aim was to establish a pediatric oncology unit in a culturally sensitive manner, adapted to the local healthcare system. PROCEDURE: An initial assessment revealed that despite existence of basic hospital infrastructure at the GHT, the essential elements of a pediatric cancer unit were lacking, including dedicated space, trained staff, and uniform treatment. A 5-year action plan was designed to offer training, support the staff financially, and improve the infrastructure. RESULTS: After 7 years, accomplishments include the opening of a new inpatient unit with updated technology, fully trained staff, and a dedicated, interdisciplinary team. Over 700 children have benefited from accurate diagnosis and treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Initiatives that implement long-term partnerships between institutions along the Mexican-North American border can be highly effective in establishing successful pediatric cancer control programs. The geographic proximity facilitated accelerated training and close monitoring of project development. Similar initiatives across other disciplines may benefit additional patients and synergize with pediatric oncology programs to reduce health disparities in underserved areas.
28000396|a|UNASSIGNED: Australopiths exhibit a number of derived facial features that are thought to strengthen the face against high and/or repetitive loads associated with a diet that included mechanically challenging foods. Here, we use finite element analysis (FEA) to test hypotheses related to the purported strengthening role of the zygomatic root and "anterior pillar" in australopiths. We modified our previously constructed models of Sts 5 (Australopithecus africanus) and MH1 (A. sediba) to differ in the morphology of the zygomatic root, including changes to both the shape and positioning of the zygomatic root complex, in addition to creating variants of Sts 5 lacking anterior pillars. We found that both an expanded zygomatic root and the presence of "anterior pillars" reinforce the face against feeding loads. We also found that strain orientations are most compatible with the hypothesis that the pillar evolved to resist loads associated with premolar loading, and that this morphology has an ancillary effect of strengthening the face during all loading regimes. These results provide support for the functional hypotheses. However, we found that an anteriorly positioned zygomatic root increases strain magnitudes even in models with an inflated/reinforced root complex. These results suggest that an anteriorly placed zygomatic root complex evolved to enhance the efficiency of bite force production while facial reinforcement features, such as the anterior pillar and the expanded zygomatic root, may have been selected for in part to compensate for the weakening effect of this facial configuration. Anat Rec, 300:171-195, 2017.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
28000400|a|UNASSIGNED: The masseter muscle complex is a unique feature of extant mammals and their advanced cynodont precursors, originating from the zygomatic arch and inserting onto the lateral surface of the dentary. This muscle complex is absent in sauropsids, with the exception of the neomorphic m. pseudomasseter complex that is unique to psittaciform birds (parrots and cockatiels). The anterior position and anterodorsally inclined line of action of both muscle groups increases leverage of the jaw and is thought to contribute to increased bite force, particularly in psittaciforms. A corollary is that in mammals at least, the masseter places increased load on the zygomatic arch, which may be withstood by soft tissue temporal fascia. Recently the existence of a m. pseudomasster (mPSM) and m. adductor mandibulae externus ventralis (mAMEV) has been proposed in the ornithischian dinosaur Psittacosaurus. Here we use computed tomography, digital restoration of skull anatomy and adductor musculature and computational biomechanics to test how the presence of anterodorsally inclined muscle loads influences stress, strain, deformation and estimated bite forces in the skull of Psittacosaurus. We find that the m. pseudomasseter and m. amev increases bite force with an associated increase in cranial stress and deformation. There is, however, limited osteological evidence for the existence of these two additional muscles in the psittacosaur skull and geometric morphometric informed sensitivity analysis of our finite element models shows that bite position has a greater effect on loading-induced deformation than muscle loading or material property variation. Anat Rec, 300:49-61, 2017.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
28000403|a|UNASSIGNED: In dinosaurs, as in other reptiles, the homologue of the mammalian zygomatic bone is the jugal. The dinosaurian jugal was primitively triradiate, with posterior, dorsal and anterior processes that respectively contacted the quadratojugal, the postorbital, and the maxilla and lacrimal. However, the jugal evolved along different lines in the three major dinosaurian clades. In theropods this cranial element remained relatively conservative in morphology, apart from being reduced to a rod-like structure in most birds and a few non-avians. In sauropodomorphs the jugal eventually became small, plate-like and nearly restricted to the area below the orbit, even being excluded from the ventral margin of the skull in many derived taxa. Among ornithischians the jugal was highly variable, but in many cases became large and/or adorned with ornamental features such as horns, flanges, and rugosities. The jugal does not appear to have been a site of muscle attachment in most non-avian dinosaurs, but represented an important structural element in the akinetic dinosaurian skull. The conspicuous jugal ornaments seen in many ornithischian dinosaurs, like the less striking ones documented in some saurischians, may have played an important role in the social behavior of the species that possessed them. In many cases they have a weapon-like aspect suggesting use in aggressive displays, if not actual combat, adding to the evidence that agonistic behavior was likely widespread among ornithischians in particular. Anat Rec, 300:30-48, 2017.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
28000415|a|UNASSIGNED: A method for the catalytic enantioselective arylboration of alkenylarenes is disclosed. The reaction leads to the formation of 1,1-diarylalkanes that also incorporate an additional pinacol boronic ester which can be easily transformed to a variety of groups. The products are formed with excellent diastereoselectivities and enantioselectivities.
28000416|a|UNASSIGNED: Pyridine activation by inexpensive iron catalysts has great utility, but the steps through which iron species can break the strong (105-111   kcal   mol(-1) ) C-H bonds of pyridine substrates are unknown. In this work, we report the rapid room-temperature cleavage of C-H bonds in pyridine, 4-tert-butylpyridine, and 2-phenylpyridine by an iron(I) species, to give well-characterized iron(II) products. In addition, 4-dimethylaminopyridine (DMAP) undergoes room-temperature C-N bond cleavage, which forms a dimethylamidoiron(II) complex and a pyridyl-bridged tetrairon(II) square. These facile bond-cleaving reactions are proposed to occur through intermediates having a two-electron reduced pyridine that bridges two iron centers. Thus, the redox non-innocence of the pyridine can play a key role in enabling high regioselectivity for difficult reactions.
28000417|a|BACKGROUND: Children with high-risk medulloblastoma historically have had a poor prognosis. The Children's Oncology Group completed a Phase II study using oral etoposide given with radiotherapy followed by intensive chemotherapy. PROCEDURE: Patients enrolled in the study had high-risk disease defined as >= 1.5  cm(2) of residual disease postsurgery or definite evidence of central nervous metastasis. All patients underwent surgery followed by radiotherapy. During radiation, the patients received oral etoposide (21 days on, 7 off) at an initial dose of 50  mg/m(2) per day (treatment 1), which was reduced to 35  mg/m(2) per day (treatment 2) due to toxicity. After radiotherapy, the patients received chemotherapy with three cycles of cisplatin and oral etoposide, followed by eight courses of cyclophosphamide and vincristine. RESULTS: Between November 1998 and October 2002, 53 patients were accrued; 15 received treatment 1 and 38 treatment 2. Forty-seven patients (89%) were eligible. Response to radiation was excellent, with 19 (40.4%) showing complete response, 24 (51.1%) partial response, and four (8.5%) no recorded response. The overall 2- and 5-year progression-free survival (PFS) was 76.6    6% and 70.2    7%, respectively. The 2- and 5-year overall survival (OS) was 80.9    6% and 76.6    6%, respectively. Clinical response postradiation and PFS/OS were not significantly different between the treatment groups. There was a trend toward a difference in 5-year PFS between those without and with metastatic disease (P = 0.072). CONCLUSIONS: Oral etoposide was tolerable at 35  mg/m(2) (21 days on and 7 days off) when given during full-dose irradiation in patients with high-risk medulloblastoma with encouraging survival data.
28000418|a|AIM: The aim of the present study was to evaluate, compare, and correlate the types of collagen fibers seen in different grades of oral cancer. METHODS: Thirty cases of histologically-diagnosed, well-, moderately-, and poorly-differentiated oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) were retrieved from the archives of the Institute. Collagen was evaluated using picrosirius red stain and immunohistochemical analysis of the antibody to type III collagen. A correlation between these findings and the grade of OSCC was evaluated. RESULTS: Collagen fibers showed a change in birefringence ranging from reddish-orange to greenish-yellow in well- to poorly-differentiated oral squamous cell carcinoma. The findings were statistically significant for polarizing colors observed in grades of OSCC (P<.001). Immunohistochemical staining intensity of type III collagen changed from weak to strong as grade increased for OSCC, and was also statistically significant (P<.001). CONCLUSION: In the present study, tumor progression reflected a change in collagen present, from type I to type III. Determination of the type of collagen in different grades of OSCC can facilitate therapeutic targeting of molecules responsible for invasion and progression of oral cancer.
28000420|a|UNASSIGNED: The hemocompatibility of superhemophobic surfaces is investigated and compared with that of hemophobic surfaces and hemophilic surfaces. This analysis indicates that only those superhemophobic surfaces with a robust Cassie-Baxter state display significantly lower platelet adhesion and activation. It is envisioned that the understanding gained through this work will lead to the fabrication of improved hemocompatible, superhemophobic medical implants.
28000421|a|BACKGROUND: Current research on employment options for people with Intellectual Disability emphasizes the importance of employee needs and satisfaction. The study aims at systematically reviewing the literature on job satisfaction and related constructs. METHODS: A systematic literature search was conducted. Studies were included if (i) they are specific to effects of work, (ii) assessed variables are related to job satisfaction, QoWL, attitudes towards work or work motivation and if (iii) studies reported intellectual disability-specific results. Twenty-three studies met the inclusion criteria. Findings were classified according to the socio-cognitive model of job satisfaction. RESULTS: Current literature suggests high job satisfaction in people with intellectual disability. Predictors of job satisfaction are similar to people without disabilities, albeit the importance of factors differs. CONCLUSIONS: Stronger consideration of well-established theories and measures from organizational psychology would enhance future research. Findings indicate that high satisfaction ratings might result from lack of control over vocational decisions.
28000422|a|UNASSIGNED: There is a paucity of research exploring Indigenous women's experiences in acute mental health inpatient services in Australia. Even less is known of Indigenous women's experience of seclusion events, as published data are rarely disaggregated by both indigeneity and gender. This research used secondary analysis of pre-existing datasets to identify any quantifiable difference in recorded experience between Indigenous and non-Indigenous women, and between Indigenous women and Indigenous men in an acute mental health inpatient unit. Standard separation data of age, length of stay, legal status, and discharge diagnosis were analysed, as were seclusion register data of age, seclusion grounds, and number of seclusion events. Descriptive statistics were used to summarize the data, and where warranted, inferential statistical methods used SPSS software to apply analysis of variance/multivariate analysis of variance testing. The results showed evidence that secondary analysis of existing datasets can provide a rich source of information to describe the experience of target groups, and to guide service planning and delivery of individualized, culturally-secure mental health care at a local level. The results are discussed, service and policy development implications are explored, and suggestions for further research are offered.
28000436|a|
28000437|a|
28000438|a|Gene expression profiling followed by gene ontology (GO) term enrichment analysis can generate long lists of significant GO terms. To interpret these results and get biological insight in the data, filtering and rearranging these long lists of GO terms might be desirable. The R package gogadget provides functions to modify GO analysis results, with a simple filter strategy. Furthermore, it groups redundant GO terms with hierarchical clustering and presents the results in a colorful heatmap. The filtered GO term enrichment results can also be exported by the package for subsequent analysis in Cytoscape Enrichment Map. The R package is freely available under the terms of the GNU GPLv3 at https://sourceforge.net/projects/gogadget/.
28000439|a|A challenge in combinatorial materials science remains the efficient analysis of X-ray diffraction (XRD) data and its correlation to functional properties. Rapid identification of phase-regions and proper assignment of corresponding crystal structures is necessary to keep pace with the improved methods for synthesizing and characterizing materials libraries. Therefore, a new modular software called htAx (high-throughput analysis of X-ray and functional properties data) is presented that couples human intelligence tasks used for "ground-truth" phase-region identification with subsequent unbiased verification by an algorithm to efficiently analyze which phases are present in a materials library. Identified phases and phase-regions may then be correlated to functional properties in an expedited manner. For the functionality of htAx to be proven, two previously published XRD benchmark data sets of the materials systems Al-Cr-Fe-O and Ni-Ti-Cu are analyzed by htAx. The analysis of    1000 XRD patterns takes less than 1 day with htAx. The proposed method reliably identifies phase-region boundaries and robustly identifies multiphase structures. The method also addresses the problem of identifying regions with previously unpublished crystal structures using a special daisy ternary plot.
28000441|a|The objective of this work was to synthesize an injectable and photopolymerizable hydrogel based on keratin extracted from poultry feather for encapsulation and delivery of stem cells in tissue regeneration. Since feather keratin is rich in cysteine residue, allylation of sulfhydryl groups was used for functionalization of keratin. Keratin was extracted from feather barbs by reducing the disulfide bonds in cysteine residues to sulfhydryl groups (-SH). Next, the free thiol groups were converted to dehydroalanine (Dha) by oxidative elimination using O-(2,4,6-trimethylbenzenesulfonyl) hydroxylamine. Then, the Dha moieties were converted to s-allyl cysteine by reaction with allyl mercaptan to produce keratin allyl thioether (KeratATE) biopolymer. Human mesenchymal stem cell (hMSCs) were suspended in the aqueous solution of KeratATE, injected into a mold, and photopolymerized to generate a KeratATE hydrogel encapsulating hMSCs. The freeze-dried photo-cross-linked KeratATE hydrogels had a porous, interconnected, honeycomb microstructure with pore sizes in the 20-60  m range. The compressive modulus of the hydrogels ranged from 1 to 8 kPa depending on KeratATE concentration. KeratATE hydrogels had <5% mass loss in collagenase solution after 21 days of incubation, whereas the mass loss was 15% in trypsin solution. Degradation of KeratATE hydrogel was strongly dependent on trypsin concentration but independent of collagenase. hMSCs proliferated and adopted an elongated spindle-shape morphology after seeding on KeratATE hydrogel. KeratATE hydrogel supported differentiation of the encapsulated hMSCs to the osteogenic and chondrogenic lineages to the same extent as those hMSCs encapsulated in gelatin methacryloyl hydrogel. The results suggest that keratin allyl thioether hydrogel with controllable degradation is a viable matrix for encapsulation and delivery of stem cells in tissue regeneration.
28000454|a|AIM: This study aims to describe the adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD), using the KIDMED questionnaire, in a sample of Catalonian adolescents and to assess the association between the MD adherence and socio-economic and lifestyle behaviours. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Data are part of a multi-centre longitudinal study designed for the reduction of risk factors of eating and weight-related problems in adolescents. Here, a cross-sectional analysis was performed with the baseline data, academic period 2010-11. The participants were 1,502 adolescents recruited from 11 schools from the province of Barcelona. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: The results showed a higher level of MD adherence when parents had higher educational level, and when adolescents reported a low level of screen-time, and high weekly physical activity.
28000462|a|Introducci  n: existen caracter  sticas respecto a los ritmos circadianos (ciclo sue  o-vigilia), lo que genera un rasgo denominado cronotipo (madrugador o trasnochador). Se ha asociado el cronotipo vespertino a menos horas de sue  o y h  bitos alimentarios poco saludables. El cronotipo vespertino se asocia con un mayor riesgo de desarrollar obesidad.Objetivo: determinar la asociaci  n del cronotipo con variables antropom  tricas en j  venes de 18 a 25 a  os.M  todos: j  venes (n = 65) (18 a 25 a  os), se les determin   el cronotipo (cuestionario de Horne-Ostberg) y mediciones antropom  tricas (peso, talla, porcentaje de grasa y per  metro de cintura). Resultados: los hombres con cronotipo trasnochador presentaron significativamente mayor per  metro de cintura (p = 0,03). Las mujeres con un porcentaje de grasa < 25% se asoci   con cronotipo trasnochador (p = 0,05). Conclusiones: el cronotipo trasnochador se asocia a mayor per  metro de cintura y mayor porcentaje de grasa. El cronotipo constituye un nuevo foco para la prevenci  n y el tratamiento de la obesidad.
28000467|a|  Aim: To assess trends in the biases of self-reported versus measured weight, height, and body mass index (BMI) in adults over the period 2000-2010 in a Mediterranean adult population. METHODS: The sample population consisted of young (18-35) and middle-aged (36-55) adults living in the Balearic Islands, Spain. The data represent 1,089 people during 1999-2000 and 1,081 people during 2000-2010. Weighted-based frequency estimates were used. RESULTS: While no differences between self-reported and measured weight, height and BMI were found in the respondents, it was seen that a decreasing percentage of the population knows their own weight and/or height. A rise in awareness was found in normal-weight men (from 95.0% to 98.9%), and also in normal-weight men and in the middle-aged obese category whose self-reported BMI was not defi ned as "correct" (from 41.2% to 85.7% and from 41.0% to 67.6% respectively). CONCLUSIONS: A substantial proportion of the population does not know their own weight or height. The obtained results suggest the need to develop strategies to enhance awareness of own weight and height.
28000468|a|INTRODUCTION: Recently has been documented that the consumption of sweetened non-caloric beverages has increased as an option to weight control, however randomized control trials have demonstrated a modest weight loss. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of reducing consumption of beverage with caloric and non-caloric sweeteners on weight, body composition and blood pressure in young Mexican adults. METHODS: In an experimental study 148 nursing students were randomly assigned to one of 3 groups: 1) no sweetened beverages were permitted, only plain water, tea or coffee without sugar; 2) consumption of beverages with non-caloric sweeteners was allowed; and 3) no restriction of sweetened beverages was imposed. All groups were given individualized isocaloric diets monitored by a 24-hour record of consumption and food frequency questionnaire and blood pressure, weight, waist circumference and body composition by tetrapolar bioelectric impedance were taken at the beginning of the study and three and six months later. RESULTS: Differences between groups were found in body mass index at 3 months that decrease in group 1 and 2 and increase in group 3 (-1.75 vs.-0.61 vs.0.54% of change, p < 0.001). At six months there were also statistical differences in waist circumference (-4.07 vs.-1.23 vs. 0.62% of change, p < 0.001) and sugar consumption (-62.0 vs.-54.61 vs.11.08% of change, p < 0.001) in groups 1, 2 and 3 respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The reduction in consumption of both caloric and non-caloric sweetened beverages contributes to signifi cant body mass index loss and waist circumference.
28000469|a|Introducci  n: Chile en las   ltimas d  cadas ha experimentado un cambio en su perfil epidemiol  gico nutricional, pasando de una situaci  n caracterizada por una elevada prevalencia de desnutrici  n y enfermedades infecciosas/parasitarias a otro completamente distinto, en donde las enfermedades cr  nicas y degenerativas presentan una elevada prevalencia.Objetivo: el objetivo del estudio es elaborar tablas de referencia de aspectos antropom  tricos y de condici  n f  sica en estudiantes varones de 10 a 14 a  os de la ciudad de Chill  n.M  todo: estudio descriptivo de corte transversal. La muestra se compone de 1250 varones con edades entre los 10 y 14 a  os. Para la confecci  n de las tablas de referencia se utiliz   estad  stica descriptiva y estas fueron divididas en cinco clasificaciones desde muy malo, malo, media, bueno y muy bueno, teniendo como par  metro la edad.Resultados: observamos niveles importantes de sobrepeso que se asociaron con bajo desempe  o f  sico, lo que plantea la urgencia de realizar un seguimiento en el tiempo con herramientas de f  cil aplicaci  n como la presente bater  a; con el fin de detectar a tiempo a los ni  os que tienen bajos niveles de condici  n f  sica y tomar medidas orientadas a estimular o mejorar la capacidad f  sica como factores protectores de promoci  n de la salud y como ayuda en la prevenci  n de enfermedades cr  nicas relacionadas con el sobrepeso u obesidad.Conclusi  n: en este trabajo se han establecido valores de referencia para posteriores estudios en cuanto a la condici  n f  sica orientada a la salud en estudiantes varones de 10 a 14 a  os de la ciudad de Chill  n, que permitir  n evaluar e interpretar correctamente la condici  n f  sica orientada a la salud de este grupo etario.
28000470|a|Introducci  n: el trastorno por atrac  n o "Binge Eating Disorders" (BED) se caracteriza por el consumo de grandes cantidades de comida en un breve periodo de tiempo acompa  ado de una sensaci  n de falta de control sobre la ingesta. El BED se relaciona con una alimentaci  n poco equilibrada, contribuyendo a la aparici  n de diversas patolog  as. La alimentaci  n y los estilos de vida desempe  an un factor clave en la prevenci  n de estas patolog  as, siendo la dieta mediterr  nea (DM) uno de los est  ndares de la alimentaci  n saludable.Objetivo: analizar la relaci  n entre la DM y el BED en una muestra de estudiantes universitarios.M  todo: se realiz   un estudio descriptivo transversal en una muestra de 120 estudiantes de la Universidad de Alicante. Para establecer la relaci  n entre el patr  n de atrac  n y el grado de adherencia a la DM se determin   el coefi ciente de correlaci  n r de Pearson. Los resultados se expresaron en odds ratios (OR) e intervalo de confi anza (IC) al 95%.Resultados: los sujetos con un patr  n de BED presentaron menor adherencia a la DM (OR = 4,03; IC 95%, 1,80-18,69), mayores   ndices de exceso de peso (OR = 5,31; IC 95%, 1,81-15,64), y vidas m  s sedentarias (OR = 1,4; IC 95%, 0,52-4,12). El BED correlacion   negativamente con el grado de adherencia DM (r = -0,3, p < 0,01).Conclusi  n: el patr  n de DM se asocia de manera inversa con el riesgo de sufrir trastorno por atrac  n y adem  s dicho patr  n de atrac  n se asocia significativamente con el riesgo de sufrir exceso de peso en estudiantes universitarios. Son necesarios estudios que confi rmen que la DM reduce el riesgo de sufrir trastorno por atrac  n.
28000471|a|Introduction: The assessment of intake and eating habits become increasingly important to relate them to the risk of disease. In this sense, food frequency questionnaires (FFQ) are a common dietary tool used in both clinical practice and nutritional epidemiological studies. Objective: The aim of the study was the validation of a food groups frequency questionnaire (FGFQ) based on an exchange system, in relation to a 7 days food record (FR) used as reference. Methods: A total of 60 healthy adults (males and females) were recruited. To each one a dietitian applied the FGFQ to be validated and then gave instructions for completing the 7 days FR used as a reference standard. Energy and macronutrient distribution were calculated for both methods and appropriate statistical methods were applied. Results: The correlation coeffi cients comparing methods were found between r = 0.3 and r = 0.6 (p < 0.01), and the intraclass correlation coeffi cient between r = 0.2 and r = 0.6 (p < 0.01). The cross-classifi cation analysis revealed that over 80% of individuals were classifi ed into identical and contiguous quartiles from both dietary methods. Conclusions: The proposed FGFQ, based on an exchange system of 19 groups, has obtained comparable results to other similar models for assessing of energy and macronutrient distribution with a more rapid outcome.
28000472|a|BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death among adults and measures to reverse this situation go through changes in lifestyle, among them adopt healthy eating through professional counseling. To do this we need to keep the patient engaged in treatment, and the abandonment of treatment is an important risk factor in this population. OBJECTIVES: To assess abandonment to dietary treatment of patients with cardiovascular risk treated on an outpatient basis, and identify the reasons for the abandonment of treatment. METHODS: Participants were patients between 18 and 70 years, of both sexes, who held their first nutritional consultation and had two or more cardiovascular risk factors. A telephone contact was made by applying a questionnaire on the withdrawal of reasons for treatment and encouraging them to return to the health service by checking the return after three months of telephone contact. RESULTS: Of the 142 patients with cardiovascular risk, 61.26% did not return to the service after the first visit, a percentage similar to that found in other studies, and contacted by telephone 64.37% of them. Regarding the main reasons for the withdrawal, difficulty following the diet and individual/behavioral characteristics of the patient were the aspects that contributed to the abandonment (57.14%), corroborating the findings that show the influence of cultural and socioeconomic factors on the therapeutic adherence. Although 92.86% of patients have been satisfied with the service and 75% have reported interest in resuming treatment, only 5.36% patients returned to service after the phone contact. CONCLUSION: There was a high drop-out from nutritional treatment, mainly because of the difficulty of organization required to follow the diet. The motivational intervention was not enough to motivate a return to treatment.
28000476|a|BACKGROUND: Lecythis pisonis Cambess is commonly known as "castanha de sapucaia" in Brazil. Chemical composition studies revealed that this nut is an excellent source of anti-oxidant minerals and of essential lipids. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study is to assess the anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory effect of Lecythis pisonis Cambess on the brain tissue of Wistar rats. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The animals were divided in four experimental groups (n = 6), total of forty-eight rats. Treatments included the standard diet (AIN-93G) and high-fat food, supplemented with Sapucaianut from 14 to 28 days. The gene expression markers TNF-a, NFkB, ZnSOD and HSP-72 were defined through reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rtPCR). The anti-oxidant effect was assessed through the thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS) and the measurement of the activity performed by superoxide dismutase enzymes. RESULTS: Accordingly, the gene expression of the inflammatory markers NFkB (p65) and TNF-awas lower in rats fed on diets supplemented with "sapucaia", and they presented significant difference in the Tukey test (p < 0.05). The heat-shock HSP-72 protein and the ZnSOD enzyme raised the gene expression and showed significant statistical difference (p < 0.05) in both groups fed on Sapucaia nut-based diet. CONCLUSION: Thus, the nutritional properties of the Sapucaia nuts perform important neuroprotective activities because they modulated the anti-oxidant activity and the brain tissue inflammatory process in the assessed animals.
28000483|a|UNASSIGNED: Objetivo: analizar la geograf  a del estado nutricional en Espa  a y su evoluci  n entre mediados del siglo xixy comienzos del siglo xx, etapa previa a la transici  n nutricional con alta prevalencia de malnutrici  n.M  todos: se utilizan datos antropom  tricos agregados (promedios provinciales de estatura) del reclutamiento militar en 1858 y 1913, as   como promedios provinciales de estatura y peso procedentes de una revisi  n realizada entre 119.571 soldados en 1903-1906. Con estos datos se elaboran cartograf  a y estad  sticos descriptivos.Resultados: los par  metros antropom  tricos de los espa  oles se situaban entre los valores de complexi  n m  s bajos de Europa antes de la transici  n nutricional. Entre 1858 y 1913, la altura media creci   solo 1,43 cm. En ese periodo hubo cambios significativos en la geograf  a antropom  trica marcados por la configuraci  n de una polaridad nutricional a las puertas de la I Guerra Mundial: las provincias del centro y del sur de pa  s exhiben mayor incidencia de la malnutrici  n cr  nica que las provincias del arco Noreste, que disfrutan de ventaja relativa en t  rminos nutricionales.Conclusi  n:las desigualdades territoriales que configuraron una geograf  a polarizada del estado nutricional en Espa  a pueden asociarse en parte a los cambios ambientales del periodo, caracterizados por el inicio de la modernizaci  n y la industrializaci  n y, asimismo, por la privaci  n derivada de las crisis agrarias, las enfermedades y el relativo atraso tecnol  gico. Se destaca la relevancia de la historia antropom  trica para el estudio de los niveles de vida en poblaciones del pasado y del proceso de transici  n nutricional.
28000484|a|Objetivo: Comunicar los datos del registro de Nutrici  n Parenteral Domiciliaria (NPD) del grupo de trabajo NADYA-SENPE del a  os 2015.Material y m  todos: Recopilaci  n de los datos de NPD del registro "on-line" del grupo de Nutrici  n Artificial Domiciliaria y Ambulatoria (NADYA) desde el 1 de enero de 2015 al 31 de diciembre de 2015.Resultados: Se registraron 236 pacientes, con 243 episodios de NPD procedentes de 40 hospitales. Lo que representa una tasa de 5,08 pacientes/mill  n de habitantes/ a  o 2015. La patolog  a m  s frecuente en los adultos fue "otros" (26,3%) seguido por "oncol  gico paliativo" (21,6%).   La complicaci  n m  s frecuente fue la s  ptica relacionada con el cat  ter que present   una tasa de 0,53 infecciones/1000 d  as de NPD. Finalizaron 64 episodios, la principal causa fue el fallecimiento (43,7%) y el 'paso a la v  a oral' (32,8%).Conclusiones: constatamos el aumento de los centros y profesionales colaboradores, dando respuesta a la cantidad progresivamente mayor de pacientes con soporte nutricional parenteral en domicilio. Se mantienen estables las principales indicaciones para el establecimiento de NPD y las causas de finalizaci  n del tratamiento.
28000486|a|OBJECTIVE: To investigate cancer pain management and evaluate factors that could be addressed and lead to potential improvement of pain therapy. MATHERIALS AND METHODS: Two hundred patients with metastatic cancer pain at the Department of Oncology, University Hospital Mostar, completed questionnaires about cancer pain treatment. Thirty oncologists from the Cancer Institute, University of Sarajevo and the Department of Oncology, Clinical Hospital, Mostar were asked to complete the questionnaire about cancer pain management. RESULTS: Compliance for analgesics was statistically better (p=0.013) for patients who were regularly asked about pain than for those patients who were asked periodically. Nearly twice as many patients, whom the doctor always asked about pain, regularly took medication (65.5% versus 32.8%). There was a statistically significant, positive relationship between regular use of analgesics and the interest of the doctor about pain reduction after initiation of analgesic therapy (p=0.008). Almost half of the patients, 47%, stated that their doctor did not devote enough time to their pain problems during the interview. Statistically significantly more patients took analgesic medication regularly if they were not afraid of narcotics (p=0.006). Numerical or VAS scales in description of cancer pain were used by only 30% of interviewed oncologists. The vast majority of doctors, 86.7%, used opiates for the terminal phase of the illness. CONCLUSION: Assessment and the treatment of cancer pain in Bosnia and Herzegovina remains inadequate, emphasizing the need for changes to cancer pain patient care.
28000489|a|OBJECTIVE: To investigate cases of potential medical futility treatment in intensive care unit (ICU). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Retrospective review of 1567 charts of patients treated during the three-year period (2012 - 2014) in the ICU of the University Hospital Centre Split, Croatia, was conducted. More detailed analysis of the deceased patients' (n=429) charts was performed to identify cases of potential medical futility treatment. There were 99 patients for which ICU treatment was questionable due to their low Glasgow coma scale (GCS) score. For those patients types and duration of treatment were analyzed. RESULTS: Among patients who were treated during that period, 27% had died. Treatment of 99 patients (6.3% of the deceased) was considered a potential medical futility. Mean age of those 99 patients was 68  14 years and the mean stay in the ICU was 14  11 days. They spent 1302 patient days in the ICU, of which 52% days they had GCS 3 score. They were treated with catecholamines during 40% of the patient days. Minimal therapy was provided during 44% of the patient days. CONCLUSIONS: Analysis of the deceased patients' charts in the ICU indicated that a certain percentage of patients did not need prolonged ICU treatment. Instead, they were supposed to be treated in a palliative care unit. To avoid medical futility treatment in ICUs, palliative care unit needs to be established, as well as protocols for determining medical futility cases and ethical committee that will decide which patients will be transferred to palliative care.
28000491|a|UNASSIGNED: The aim of this essay is to present the definition and principles of personalized or precision medicine, the perspective and barriers to its development and clinical application. The implementation of precision medicine in health care requires the coordinated efforts of all health care stakeholders (the biomedical community, government, regulatory bodies, patients' groups). Particularly, translational research with the integration of genomic and comprehensive data from all levels of the organism ("big data"), development of bioinformatics platforms enabling network analysis of disease etiopathogenesis, development of a legislative framework for handling personal data, and new paradigms of medical education are necessary for successful application of the concept of precision medicine in health care. CONCLUSION: In the present and future era of precision medicine, the collaboration of all participants in health care is necessary for its realization, resulting in improvement of diagnosis, prevention and therapy, based on a holistic, individually tailored approach.
28000492|a|OBJECTIVE: The aim of this report is to emphasize the importance of thrombolytic therapy in selected patients, such as those with congenital heart defects in whom a coronary artery anomaly can be observed. CASE REPORT: We present here a 63 year-old female patient who was admitted to our emergency department with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction and a history of a congenital heart defect. We treated the patient successfully with thrombolytic therapy instead of primary percutaneous intervention, because of the suspicion of a coronary artery anomaly. On the following day, we performed coronary angiography on the patient, which revealed the anomalous origin of the coronary arteries, with the left and right coronary arteries originating from the right sinus of Valsalva and the circumflex artery originating from the left sinus of Valsalva. This anomaly in this patient group is described for the first time. CONCLUSION: Coronary artery anomaly may be observed in patients with congenitally corrected transposition of the great arteries, and in the case of requiring emergency reperfusion, thrombolytic treatment can be an alternative strategy in this patient group.
28000493|a|OBJECTIVE: In the current study a brief review is presented of the coracobrachialis muscle's morphological variability, action, embryological development and clinical significance. CASE REPORT: We report a case of a left-sided coracobrachialis muscle consisting of two bellies. The deep belly inserts into the usual site in the middle area of the anteromedial aspect of the left humerus, whereas the superficial belly inserts through a muscular slip into the brachial fascia and the medial intermuscular septum, forming a musculo-aponeurotic tunnel in the middle region of the left arm, for the passage of the median nerve, brachial artery and veins, medial antebrachial cutaneous nerve and ulnar nerve. CONCLUSION: Awareness of such a muscle variant should be kept in mind by physicians and surgeons during interpretation of neural and vascular disorders of the upper limb, since such a variant may potentially lead to entrapment neuropathy and/or vascular compression, predisposing to neurovascular disorders, as well as during preparation of that muscle in cases of utilizing it as a graft in reconstruction of defects.
28000494|a|UNASSIGNED: No abstract available.
28000505|a|UNASSIGNED: The impact of short-term UV-B treatment on the content of individual flavonoids and photosynthetic pigments in cotyledons and the growth of common buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum Moench) seedlings was investigated. Seeds of four common buckwheat cultivars were germinated in darkness over a period of 4 days and acclimatized for 2 days under a 16/8 h light/dark photoperiod at 24/18   C day/night, and exposure to 100-120  mol     m(-2)     s(-1) of photosynthetically active radiation (PAR). Seedlings were divided into three batches, including two batches subjected to different doses of UV-B (5 W     m(-2) and 10 W     m(-2), one hour per day) for 5 days, and a control group exposed to PAR only. Exposure to UV-B increased anthocyanin levels in the cotyledons of all examined cultivars, it inhibited hypocotyl elongation, but did not affect the content of photosynthetic pigments. Flavone concentrations increased in cv. Red Corolla and Kora, remained constant in cv. Panda and decreased in cv. Hruszowska. Exposure to UV-B decreased rutin levels in cv. Hruszowska, but not in the remaining cultivars. Cultivars Hruszowska, Panda and Kora appeared to be less resistant to UV-B than Red Corolla. Higher resistance to UV-B radiation in Red Corolla can probably be attributed to its higher content of anthocyanins and rutin in comparison with the remaining cultivars.
28000506|a|UNASSIGNED: Assays assessing non-enzymatic hydrogen peroxide antioxidant capacities are often hampered by the high UV absorption of the sample itself. This is a typical problem in studies using plant extracts with high polyphenol content. Our assay is based on comparing the 405 nm absorption of the product of potassium iodine and hydrogen peroxide in the presence and absence of a putative hydrogen peroxide reactive antioxidant. This method is free of interference with either hydrogen peroxide or antioxidant self-absorption and it is also suitable for high-throughput plate reader applications.
28000507|a|UNASSIGNED: Five Iranian Trichoderma isolates from species T. viride, T. viridescens, T. asperellum, T. longibrachiatum and T. citrinoviride - selected from the Fungal Collection of the Bu Ali Sina University, Hamedan, Iran - were investigated for their peptaibol production. All examined isolates showed remarkable antibacterial activities during the screening of their extracts for peptaibol content with a Micrococcus luteus test culture. HPLC-ESI-IT MS was used for identification and elucidation of the amino acid sequences of peptaibols. The detected peptaibol compounds contain 20 or 18 amino acid residues and belong to the trichobrachin and trichotoxin groups of peptaibols, respectively. T. longibrachiatum and T. citrinoviride produced trichobrachins, while trichotoxins could be detected in T. viride, T. viridescens and T. asperellum. Out of 37 sequences detetermined, 26 proved to be new, yet undescribed compounds, while others were identified as previously reported trichotoxins (trichotoxin A-50s and T5D2) and trichobrachins (longibrachins AI, AII, AIII, BII and BIII). Compounds within the two groups of detected peptaibols differed from each other only by a single or just a few amino acid changes.
28000510|a|UNASSIGNED: By means of whole mount NADPH-diaphorase histochemistry the distribution pattern of primary sensory cells (PSC) and the pathway of their central processes in the ventral nerve cord (VNC) ganglia were investigated in the lumbricid earthworms, Eisenia fetida and Lumbricus terrestris. The distribution pattern of the stained structures seemed to be the same in both species investigated. Strong labelling occurred in sensory fibre branches of segmental nerves and in each of the sensory longitudinal axon bundles of VNC ganglia. Based on their anatomical location some NADPH-d positive central sensory cells were identified from among which the putative tactile receptors were characterized by constant, strong staining.
28000527|a|Epigenetic changes in oncogenes and tumor-suppressor genes contribute to carcinogenesis. Understanding the epigenetic and genetic components of tumor immune evasion is crucial. Few cancer genetic mutations have been linked to direct correlations with immune evasion. Studies on the epigenetic modulation of the immune checkpoints have revealed a critical interaction between epigenetic and immune modulation. Epigenetic modifiers can activate many silenced genes. Some of them are immune checkpoints regulators that turn on immune responses and others turn them off resulting in immune evasion. Many forms of epigenetic inheritance mechanisms may play a role in regulation of immune checkpoints including: covalent modifications, noncoding RNA and histone modifications. In this review, we will show how the potential interaction between epigenetic and immune modulation may lead to new approaches for specific epigenome/immunome-targeted therapies for cancer.
28000528|a|AIM: IL-2 is one of the first immunomodulating cytokines to be tested in the treatment of cancer patients. The effects of this agent in the treatment of solid tumors other than renal cancer and melanoma are poorly understood. MATERIALS _ METHODS: We have carried out a meta-analysis of randomized studies. We fixed the response rate as the primary outcome. RESULTS: The pooled risk ratio for an objective response with IL-2 plus chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone was 1.43 (95% CI: 1.12-1.81; p = 0.004), in favor of colorectal cancer. CONCLUSION: Further investigation in the treatment of patients with colorectal cancer or other solid malignancies with IL-2 is required, alone or in combination with chemotherapy.
28000529|a|
28000530|a|
28000531|a|Recent advances in cancer biology and genetics have fostered precision therapies targeting tumor-specific attributes. Immune-based therapies that elicit cytolytic T cells (CTL) specific for tumor antigens can provide therapeutic benefit to cancer patients, however, cure rates are typically low. This largely results from immunosuppressive mechanisms operating within the tumor microenvironment, many of which inflict metabolic stresses upon CTL. Conversely, immunotherapies can mitigate specific metabolic stressors. For instance, dual costimulation immunotherapy with CD134 (OX40) plus CD137 (4-1BB) agonists appears to mediate tumor control in part by engaging cytokine networks that enable infiltrating CTL to compete for limiting supplies of glucose. Future efforts combining modalities that endow CTL with complimentary metabolic advantages should improve therapeutic efficacies.
28000544|a|Schizophrenia is a chronic and debilitating brain disorder. It is associated with increased mortality, primarily due to elevated cardio-metabolic risk. Affected patients have higher rates of obesity, metabolic syndrome and diabetes [1]. Intrinsic factors contributing to this increased risk include a shared underlying pathophysiology between schizophrenia and diabetes mellitus involving stress, inflammation and genetics. Extrinsic contributing factors include diet, lifestyle, health care access, low socioeconomic status and overburden of traditional diabetes risk factors. Antipsychotics are associated with an increased risk of obesity, metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus [1]. Appetite-regulating hormones, pharmacodynamics and alterations in glucose metabolism may underlie the negative effect of these medications. Reduction in diabetes risk is achieved by mitigating traditional risk factors. Non-pharmacologic and pharmacologic approaches to cardio-metabolic risk reduction may be helpful in these patients.
28000545|a|BACKGROUND: Cytokine dysregulation plays an important role in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and chronic periodontitis (CP) with a commonality in pathogenic mechanisms. CP is considered the sixth complication of diabetes and may have an increased influence on systemic levels of cytokines in individuals with T2DM. OBJECTIVE: This study investigated two pro-, and two presumed anti-inflammatory cytokines and their ratios in the serum of healthy individuals, in chronic periodontitis with and without T2DM with, and without CP and in CP alone aimed at evaluating the systemic inflammatory burden of a local oral infection. METHODS: Eighty participants were divided equally into four groups as healthy volunteers (H) and patients having T2DM with, and without CP (T2DM+CP, and T2DM) and only CP (CP). Serum samples were collected to measure glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), random blood sugar (RBS) and also Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF)-a, Interleukin (IL)-4, -6 - 10 were assessed using commercially available ELISA kits. RESULTS: The cytokines were detected in all groups. Significant differences were observed between groups for all the clinical, biochemical parameters and cytokines. Cytokine levels and the ratios showed significant correlations. The ratios of the cytokines differed significantly amongst groups, were highest in T2DM+CP. CONCLUSION: In this study, the cytokine ratios provided a qualitative profile along with the absolute levels in T2DM with periodontitis, indicative of an intensified systemic inflammatory state.
28000546|a|UNASSIGNED: Members of the cytochrome P450 1A family metabolize many procarcinogens such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and heterocyclic amines. Inactivation of these enzymes is prerequisite for cancer prevention and treatment in certain cases. Mechanism-based inhibition (time and co-factor dependent) is an effective method for the inactivation of these enzymes. Our recent study on emodin analogs revealed an anthraquinone with ortho-methylarylamine moiety that exhibited time-dependent inhibition of P450 enzymes 1A1 and 1A2. To determine whether the amino group or the methyl group or both were responsible for the time-dependent inhibition of these enzymes, a set of eleven compounds containing the ortho-methylarylamine moiety were identified through a database search, and studied for inhibition of the P450 enzymes 1A1, 1A2, 2A6 and 2B1. Four compounds were found to cause selective time-dependent inhibition of P450 1A1 with KI values ranging from 0.24 to 8.25    M. These compounds exhibited only direct inhibition of P450 1A2. Molecular modeling studies of these molecules indicated that the shapes of the molecules, their binding modes, and the methyl substituent in close proximity (4.5-5.7   ) to the heme-Fe all contributed to their selective time-dependent inhibition activity on P450 1A1. Our earlier studies on carbazole derivatives provided us with highly selective P450 1A2 inhibitors. Glycine scanning studies were performed on the docked protein-ligand complexes of compounds 1-20 in order to understand the contribution of different protein residues towards the ligand binding.
28000547|a|BACKGROUND: The central nervous system (CNS) is involved in organic integration. Nervous modulation via bioactive compounds can modify metabolism in order to prevent systemic non-communicable diseases (NCDs). Concerning this, plant polyphenols are proposed as neurotropic chemopreventive/therapeutic agents, given their redox and regulating properties. OBJECTIVE: To review polyphenolic pharmacology and potential neurological impact on NCDs. METHOD: First, polyphenolic chemistry was presented, as well as pharmacology, i.e. kinetics and dynamics. Toxicology was particularly described. Then, functional relevance of these compounds was reviewed focusing on the metabolic CNS participation to modulate NCDs, with data being finally integrated. RESULTS: Oxidative stress is a major risk factor for NCDs. Polyphenols regulate the redox biology of different organic systems including the CNS, which participates in metabolic homeostasis. Polyphenolic neurotropism is determined by certain pharmacological characteristics, modifying nervous and systemic physiopathology, acting on several biological targets. Nonetheless, because these phytochemicals can trigger toxic effects, they should not be recommended indiscriminately. CONCLUSION: Summing up, the modulating effects of polyphenols allow for the physiological role of CNS on metabolism and organic integration to be utilized in order to prevent NCDs, without losing sight of the risks.
28000556|a|Over one million people die from malaria each year, mainly in the world's tropical and sub-tropical areas. Several research efforts have been devoted to the design of new therapeutic targets for disease control, as drug resistance is one of the greatest challenges in malaria eradication. Carbohydrate recognition in Plasmodium-host interactions is one area for potential targets against disease. The glycan derivatives interfere with replication and invasion of Plasmodium falciparum. Sulfated glycosaminoglycans (GAGs) are known to block merozoite and sporozoite invasion. Heparin is a GAG that has been shown blocking the invasion by binding to the specific domain of merozoites surface (MSP) termed MSP-1. Although MSP does not bind to heparin-like GAG oligosaccharides, its ability to bind to small molecules has not yet been investigated. Besides this, the red blood cell also has glycans on the surface that mediate parasites-cell and cell-cell interactions. In this review, we aim to discuss drug mechanisms that act in carbohydrate synthesis targets in malaria disease.
28000557|a|UNASSIGNED: Obstructive sleep apnea-hypopnea syndrome (OSAHS) is normally linked to cognitive and functional dysfunctions. In this study, we explored the resting-state functional connectivity (rsFC) in the default mode network (DMN) to show the mechanism of neurophysiology in patients with OSAHS. Resting-state structural and functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging data were obtained from sixteen male moderate-to- severe patients with untreated OSAHS and 15 male matched healthy control subjects. The rsFC in the DMN was analyzed between OSAHS and healthy controls by the CONN software. Compared with the controls, the rsFC showed a significant decrease in the the medial prefrontal cortex, anterior cingulate and posterior cingulate, and showed an increase in the left inferior parietal lobule in OSAHS patients. The results indicated that the OSAHS patients presented alternatives of rsFC in the DMN compared with the controls.
28000558|a|Brain lesions, especially White Matter Lesions (WMLs) that mostly found on magnetic resonance images of elderly people, are not only associated with normal aging, but also with various geriatric disorders including cardiovascular diseases, vascular disease, psychiatric disorders and dementia. Quantitative analysis of WMLs in large clinical trials is crucial in scientific investigations of such neurological diseases as well as in studying aging processes. Exploiting the different appearances of WMLs in multiple modalities, we propose a novel coarse classification to region-scalable refining method to segment WMLs in Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) sequences without user intervention. Specifically, a nonlinear voxel-wise classifier is trained based on intensity features extracted from multimodality MRI sequences, and tissues' probabilistic prior provided by partial volume estimate images in native space. By considering the prior that the WMLs almost exist in white matter, a rejection algorithm is then used to eliminate the false-positive labels from the initial coarse classification. To further segment precise lesions boundary and detect missing lesions, a region-scalable refining is finally employed to effectively segment the WMLs based on the previous initial contour. Compared with the manual segmentation results from an experienced neuroradiologist, the segmentations for real images of our proposal show desirable performances and high accuracy and provide competitive solution with stateof- the-art methods.
28000560|a|AIM AND OBJECTIVE: Actinomycetes produce structurally unique secondary metabolites with pharmaceutically essential bioactivities. Salinispora, an obligate marine actinomycete, produces structurally varied and unique secondary metabolites. There is plenty of scope for development of drugs from the novel compounds isolated from Salinispora. Anticancer, antibacterial and anti-protozoa activities have been shown for Salinosporamides A, B and C, the secondary metabolites identified from Salinispora, which make them interesting subjects for further extended biological activity prediction. MATERIAL AND METHODS: An in silico ligand based-pharmacophore approach was used for the prediction of extended biological targets for salinosporamide A, B and C. Pharmacophore models of salinosporamide A, B and C were generated individually and screened against known drug databases. The drugs with best fitness score were shortlisted, and their respective targets pertaining to their bioactivity were retrieved. The predicted biological drug targets were docked with salinosporamide A, B and C for validation. RESULTS: The glucocorticoid receptor and methionine aminopeptidase 2 showed good docking score and binding energy with salinosporamide A, B and C. Molecular dynamics studies of the protein-ligand complexes showed stable interactions suggesting that the predicted new targets for salinosporamides might be promising. CONCLUSIONS: The glucocorticoid receptor and methionine aminopeptidase 2 could be possible new drug targets of bioactivity of salinosporamides. These proteins could be the druggable targets for antiinflammatory and anticancer activity of salinosporamides.
28000561|a|UNASSIGNED: Regucalcin (RGN), a calcium regulating protein having anti prolific, anti-apoptotic functions, plays important part in the biosynthesis of ascorbic acid. It is a highly conserved protein that has been reported from many tissue types of various vertebrate species. Employing its effect of regulating enzyme activities through reaction with sulfhydryl group (-SH) and calcium, structural level study is believed to offer a better understanding of its binding properties along with information exploited as part of the regulatory mechanisms of RGN. After successfully achieving amplification corresponding to regucalcin (RGN) gene from testis of Bubalus bubalis, it was subjected to characterization by performing digestion using different restriction endonucleases (RE). Alongside, cDNA was cloned into pPICZaC vector and transformed in DH5a host for custom sequencing. To get a better insight of its structural characteristics, three dimensional (3D) structure of protein sequence was generated using insilico molecular modelling approach. The full trajectory analysis of structure was achieved by the Molecular Dynamics (MD), explaining the stability, flexibility and robustness of protein during simulation in a time of 50ns. Molecular docking of 1,5-anhydrosorbitol was performed for functional characterization. Until now no structural details was available for buffalo RGN proteins, this study will help in understanding structural and functional aspects of different proteins in cattle.
28000581|a|INTRODUCTION: The Barcelona Tuberculosis Programme was established in 1987, and in 2007 five tuberculosis (TB) clinical units were created to improve the follow-up of cases and contacts. This included the designation of a nurse for case management. OBJECTIVE: To assess the impact of the TB clinical units on the screening programme for TB contacts. METHODS: Before-after population-based study before (2003-2007) and after (2008-2013) the creation of the clinical units. To determine which factors were related to contact tracing, we fitted a multivariate logistic regression model to estimate odds ratios (OR) with their 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: Following the creation of the clinical units, the proportion of prescriptions for latent tuberculous infection among contacts in the clinical units increased from 40.7% to 57.4% (P < 0.001), and treatment adherence from 75.9% to 80.3% (P = 0.035). One factor associated with contact tracing was receiving care after the creation of the clinical units (2008-2013) (OR 1.2, 95%CI 1.0-1.3). During the second period, receiving care outside the clinical units reduced the probability of contact tracing (OR 0.7, 95%CI 0.5-0.9). CONCLUSION: The creation of the TB clinical units represents an organisational improvement for the study and management of contacts of patients with TB.
28000582|a|BACKGROUND: Several studies have suggested that the incidence of tuberculosis (TB) varies with the seasons. OBJECTIVE: To determine the seasonality of TB in Israel and to explore possible associations with climatic variables. METHODS: Laboratory-confirmed TB cases reported between 2001 and 2011 in individuals resident in Israel for at least 1 year before diagnosis were included in the study. Climatic variables included average temperature and average ultraviolet radiation. The mean serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level of the population was also recorded. RESULTS: Of all 2653 TB cases, incidence peaked during spring (n = 712) and reached its nadir during the fall (n = 577), with a case proportion amplitude (CPA) of 5.1% (P = 0.036). Individuals born in the Horn of Africa exhibited a CPA of 9.5% (P = 0.077). Mean population 25-hydroxyvitamin D level was significantly correlated with the seasonal pattern of the disease. Southern Israel had the highest global radiation and, counter-instinctively, the highest TB incidence. CONCLUSIONS: TB exhibited a seasonal tendency in Israel, with the spring peak/fall nadir pattern found elsewhere. Vitamin D is suspected to be an explanatory variable for this seasonal phenomenon. The finding that the highest incidence is in the area receiving the highest global radiation suggests population-related vulnerability to vitamin D deficiency.
28000592|a|
28000593|a|
28000594|a|
28000595|a|
28000600|a|
28000605|a|White plague (WP) is a highly destructive coral disease that rapidly kills susceptible coral species by mass tissue lysis. The pathogen and underlying causes of this disease are not known. In this laboratory-based study, we examined a small coral-associated gall crab from the family Cryptochiridae in terms of a possible association with WP-like lesions. A series of experiments was conducted after observations that 2 scleractinian coral species, Diploria labyrinthiformis and Pseudodiploria strigosa, developed signs of WP-like disease within a laboratory holding aquarium and that small gall crabs were physically present in the center of each lesion. Using fragments of D. labyrinthiformis, a crab from one of the lesions was sequentially removed and placed, under controlled conditions, onto apparently healthy coral colonies, resulting in the development of similar lesions. Next-generation sequencing of the 16S rRNA gene was performed to profile the bacterial communities associated with the crab, lesions, and healthy corals. The microbiota of the crab and lesions were highly similar while that of apparently healthy colonies were significantly different. Significant differences were largely due to an increase in Alphaproteobacteria in crab and lesion communities. In particular, the Roseobacter clade had a higher relative abundance in the crab and WP-like lesions. This study suggests that the cryptochirid gall crab may be associated with development of WP-like lesions.
28000606|a|Vaccination is a widely accepted and effective method to prevent most pathogenic diseases in aquaculture. Various species of tilapia, especially Nile tilapia Oreochromis niloticus, are farmed worldwide because of their high consumer demand. Recently, the tilapia-breeding industry has been hampered by outbreaks of Streptococcus agalactiae infection, which cause high mortality and huge economic losses. Many researchers have attempted to develop effective S. agalactiae vaccines for tilapia. This review provides a summary of the different kinds of S. agalactiae vaccines for tilapia that have been developed recently. Among the various vaccine types, inactivated S. agalactiae vaccines showed superior protection efficiency when compared with live attenuated, recombinant and DNA vaccines. With respect to vaccination method, injecting the vaccine into tilapia provided the most effective immunoprotection. Freund's incomplete adjuvant appeared to be suitable for tilapia vaccines. Other factors, such as immunization duration and number, fish size and challenge dose, also influenced the vaccine efficacy.
28000620|a|In this study, the effects of aerobic exercise on the upper airways and their defense mechanisms were investigated in athletes. The athletes ran in two different environments: the downtown streets of the city of S  o Paulo (Street), more polluted, and an urban forest (Forest), less polluted. Thirty-eight young healthy athletes ran for 45   min d(-1) randomly during five consecutive days, with an interval of 48   h before changing environment. Clinical parameters and respiratory tract defense markers were evaluated before and after the first run on Mondays (1 d) and on Fridays (5 d). Street presented higher mean PM2.5 concentrations (65.1              39.1   g m(-3), p      <      0.001) and lower temperature (22.0   C, p      =      0.010) than Forest (22.6              15.3   g m(-3) and 22.8   C). After 1 d Street running, subjects showed an increment in heart rate (p      <      0.001). At day 5, there was twice the number of athletes with impaired nasal mucociliary clearance (MCC) in the Street runners group when compared to the Forest runners group. Exhaled breath condensate pH values increased in the Forest group, with significant differences between groups in day 1 (p      =      0.006) and day 5 (p      <      0.001), despite the fact that both groups showed values within the normal range. After exposure to both environments, the number of cells in the nasal lavage fluid was reduced after exercise (p      =      0.014), without alterations in cell type and IL-8 and IL-10 concentrations. Aerobic exercise can either maintain or acutely enhance MCC and it may help to regulate inflammatory responses in the airways. Here we show that exercise practice in polluted outdoor environment, over a 5 d period, impairs MCC. In contrast, athletes running in the less polluted environment (Forest) show higher exhaled breath condensate pH values when compared to those who exercised in a more polluted environment (Street).
28000632|a|
28000633|a|
28000634|a|
28000639|a|BACKGROUND: Gross examination of the placenta may provide useful insight into the aetiology of newborn and maternal complications. A review of literature revealed only a few epidemiological studies that determined the relationships between placental abnormalities, gestational age and occurrence of adverse outcome in babies of healthy pregnant women in our region. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A prospective cross-sectional study was conducted at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital, between 1 st February and August 2013. Pregnant women in labour at >= 28 weeks' gestational age with singleton pregnancies were recruited. Gross examination of the placenta and umbilical cord after delivery were performed. RESULTS: Four hundred and twenty-eight singleton deliveries were studied. The average placental weight was 580.8    130.6 g (range = 125-1500 g). The mean values of the umbilical cord length and width were 52.7    10.5 cm and 1.96    1.11 cm, respectively. Placental abnormalities occurred in 1.2%. The umbilical cord was centrally inserted in 290 (67.8%), marginally in 31% of cases. There was significant but weak positive correlation between the placental weight, birth weight and gestational age at 40 weeks (P <=  0.001, r = 0.356). Placental weight was directly related to birth weight (P < 0.0001, r = 0.244) and greater in babies with congenital abnormalities (P = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: There was an association between placental parameters and foetal outcome at birth. Placental weight was positively correlated with birth weight, gestational age and occurrence of congenital abnormalities.
28000643|a|AIMS: The aims of this study were to describe the pattern of presentation of halitosis and to evaluate the success rate following routine dental intervention irrespective of the type of halitosis. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted among sixty consecutive patients who presented in our Oral Diagnosis and Oral Medicine Clinic, Obafemi Awolowo University Teaching Hospitals Complex, Ile-Ife, on account of halitosis from May 2015 to April 2016. Diagnosis of halitosis was made using the organoleptic method from a whole mouth breath test as described by Miyazaki et al., 1999. Halitosis was assessed before treatment, 2 and 6 weeks after treatment. The results were analysed with STATA statistical software version 11. RESULTS: Sixty out of 305 patients seen in the clinics during the study period had halitosis, with a prevalence of 19.5%. Fourteen (23%) patients had pseudohalitosis while 46 (77%) had genuine halitosis; no case of halitophobia was seen. Majority (71.6%) brush their teeth once daily. The predominant extra-oral etiologic factors were respiratory 2 (3.3%) and ear, nose and throat disorders 1 (1.6%). Twenty-nine (63%) patients with genuine halitosis who had organoleptic scores of >= 4 had no perceivable odour, following routine dental interventions (P < 0.001); the remaining 17 (37%) patients only had slight malodour. Similarly, all the 14 (100%) patients with pseudohalitosis had complete remission after the treatment. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of halitosis was 19.5%, with male predilection. Routine dental interventions achieved >90% success rate. Preventive oral care is recommended for all halitosis patients.
28000644|a|BACKGROUND: Endodontic instruments including the nickel-titanium (NiTi) instruments produce debris and smear layer during instrumentation. The study was carried out to evaluate and compare the cleaning effectiveness of root canal preparation using three different rotary NiTi instrumentation systems - ProTaper Universal, K3 and Mtwo by means of scanning electron microscopy (SEM). METHODS: Thirty-six freshly extracted permanent mandibular molars were randomly divided into four groups: ProTaper Universal, K3, Mtwo system and control group. The mesiobuccal canal was cleaned and shaped with rotary instruments. The intracanal irrigant used after each instrument was 3 mL of 3% sodium hypochlorite (NaOCl). After the cleaning and shaping was completed, a 1-min 17% ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid rinse was followed by a final NaOCl rinse. All samples were decoronated. Mesial roots were sectioned buccolingually and examined under SEM at 500* magnification in three areas of root canal. Canal walls were quantitatively evaluated using a five-score evaluation scale. Statistical analysis was done using Kruskal-Wallis test, Fisher's exact test and weighted kappa. RESULTS: Completely clean canals were not found in any of the groups. The mean value of debris score for ProTaper, K3 and Mtwo was 2.35, 2.41 and 2.22 respectively. There was no statistically significant difference between the three tested groups (P = 0.237). The apical thirds of the canal was found to be significantly less clean than coronal and middle thirds irrespective of the system used. CONCLUSIONS: There was no statistically significant difference between the three tested groups - ProTaper, K3 and Mtwo in cleaning different regions of the canal - coronal, middle and apical.
28000645|a|BACKGROUND: The community-based dental outreach programs play a very crucial role in declining discovery-delivery disconnect by introducing awareness through health education and dental adumbrating services to the community members. However, the success of any oral health programme depends largely on how it meets the needs and expectations of the target community. Therefore, the present study was designed for the assessment of patient satisfaction at various rural outreach dental camps conducted over a period of 2 months. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The present study was conducted on patients visiting weekly and monthly outreach dental programmes organised by the Department of Public Health Dentistry. Data were obtained from a total of 298 patients using a pre-tested questionnaire as a survey instrument. The questionnaire consisted of nine questions, measuring the patient satisfaction levels on a five-point Likert scale. RESULTS: The highest mean satisfaction score (4.97    0.59) was observed for the question on the overall performance of camp, whereas waiting time for treatment, quality of the treatment and explanation of need for referral exhibited lowest mean scores. The mean satisfaction scores for the monthly camp (4.55    0.52) were significantly higher as compared to the weekly camps (4.38    0.55) (P = 0.013). CONCLUSION: The results of the study showed that the patient satisfaction scores were satisfactory to good for various aspects of the weekly and monthly dental outreach programmes. Such programmes should be conducted on regular basis, and comprehensive oral care should be provided.
28000646|a|UNASSIGNED: A horseshoe kidney (HSK) is the most common congenital renal fusion anomaly. HSKs are more likely than normal kidneys to have associated problems of stones, ureteropelvic junction obstruction, stasis and infection. However, they do not have an increased incidence of renal cell carcinoma when compared to normal kidneys. Due to its rarity, accurate diagnosis may be difficult. Of similar significance is the fact that problems may arise during surgery on these kidneys due to altered anatomy and aberrant blood supply. We report a case of HSK with a renal tumour in a 69-year-old woman and highlight our challenges in the management of the case. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first reported case of a tumour in an HSK in West Africa.
28000652|a|UNASSIGNED: Only a few studies have revealed using laparoscopic technique with limited resection of gastrointestinal stromal tumour (GIST) of the duodenum. A 68-year-old man was admitted to the hospital due to upper gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding. Evaluation revealed an ulcerated, bleeding GI tumour in the second part of the duodenum. After control of bleeding during gastroduodenoscopy, he underwent a laparoscopic wedge resection of the area. During 1.5 years of follow-up, the patient is disease free, eats drinks well, and has regained weight. Surgical resection of duodenal GIST with free margins is the main treatment of this tumour. Various surgical treatment options have been reported. Laparoscopic resection of duodenal GIST is an advanced and challenging procedure requiring experience and good surgical technique. The laparoscopic limited resection of duodenal GIST is feasible and safe, reducing postoperative morbidity without compromising oncologic results.
28000653|a|UNASSIGNED: Pancreatic hydatid cysts are fairly rare. The disease can be encountered concurrently with systemic involvement or as an isolated pancreatic involvement. We report the first case of spleen-preserving laparoscopic distal pancreatectomy for a pancreatic hydatid cyst. There was no complication or recurrence. A 55-year-old woman was admitted to our centre with epigastric and back pain. Upper abdominal magnetic resonance imaging revealed a solitary cystic lesion with septations at the pancreatic tail level measuring 24 mm * 18 mm, which was initially thought to be a pancreatic mucinous cystic neoplasia. She underwent laparoscopic spleen-preserving distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy. Her post-operative course was uneventful and histopathological examination revealed a hydatid cyst in the pancreatic tail.
28000654|a|UNASSIGNED: Along with advantages, evolving surgical techniques bring unique complications. A young male developed urinary symptoms a few months after undergoing laparoscopic inguinal hernia repair. On evaluation, mesh erosion into the urinary bladder was found. Removal of mesh with repair of bladder was done. A vesico-cutaneous fistula resulted which was managed with repeat surgery. We review all such cases reported in literature; discuss the etiopathogenesis, presentation, management and possible preventive measures. To the best of our knowledge, this is only the 12 th case being reported.
28000655|a|UNASSIGNED: We report an extremely rare case of recurrent gastric volvulus after open splenectomy for hereditary spherocytosis. The initial episode was managed by endoscopic derotation. Later, for recurrent symptoms, she was successfully managed by laparoscopic anterior gastropexy.
28000663|a|UNASSIGNED: The fractional quantum Hall effect is a canonical example of electron-electron interactions producing new ground states in many-body systems. Most fractional quantum Hall studies have focussed on the lowest Landau level, whose fractional states are successfully explained by the composite fermion model. In the widely studied GaAs-based system, the composite fermion picture is thought to become unstable for the N>= 2 Landau level, where competing many-body phases have been observed. Here we report magneto-resistance measurements of fractional quantum Hall states in the N=2 Landau level (filling factors 4<    <8) in bilayer graphene. In contrast with recent observations of particle-hole asymmetry in the N=0/N=1 Landau levels of bilayer graphene, the fractional quantum Hall states we observe in the N=2 Landau level obey particle-hole symmetry within the fully symmetry-broken Landau level. Possible alternative ground states other than the composite fermions are discussed.
28000665|a|In gonadal tissues, the Piwi-interacting (piRNA) pathway preserves genomic integrity by employing 23-29 nucleotide (nt) small RNAs complexed with argonaute proteins to suppress parasitic mobile sequences of DNA called transposable elements (TEs). Although recent evidence suggests that the piRNA pathway may be present in select somatic cells outside the gonads, the role of a non-gonadal somatic piRNA pathway is not well characterized. Here we report a functional somatic piRNA pathway in the adult Drosophila fat body including the presence of the piRNA effector protein Piwi and canonical 23-29   nt long TE-mapping piRNAs. The piwi mutants exhibit depletion of fat body piRNAs, increased TE mobilization, increased levels of DNA damage and reduced lipid stores. These mutants are starvation sensitive, immunologically compromised and short-lived, all phenotypes associated with compromised fat body function. These findings demonstrate the presence of a functional non-gonadal somatic piRNA pathway in the adult fat body that affects normal metabolism and overall organismal health.
28000666|a|UNASSIGNED: The way conduction electrons respond to ultrafast external perturbations in low dimensional materials is at the core of the design of future devices for (opto)electronics, photodetection and spintronics. Highly charged ions provide a tool for probing the electronic response of solids to extremely strong electric fields localized down to nanometre-sized areas. With ion transmission times in the order of femtoseconds, we can directly probe the local electronic dynamics of an ultrathin foil on this timescale. Here we report on the ability of freestanding single layer graphene to provide tens of electrons for charge neutralization of a slow highly charged ion within a few femtoseconds. With values higher than 10(12)   A   cm(-2), the resulting local current density in graphene exceeds previously measured breakdown currents by three orders of magnitude. Surprisingly, the passing ion does not tear nanometre-sized holes into the single layer graphene. We use time-dependent density functional theory to gain insight into the multielectron dynamics.
28000667|a|UNASSIGNED: Exploitation of plant lignocellulosic biomass is hampered by our ignorance of the molecular basis for its properties such as strength and digestibility. Xylan, the most prevalent non-cellulosic polysaccharide, binds to cellulose microfibrils. The nature of this interaction remains unclear, despite its importance. Here we show that the majority of xylan, which forms a threefold helical screw in solution, flattens into a twofold helical screw ribbon to bind intimately to cellulose microfibrils in the cell wall. (13)C solid-state magic-angle spinning (MAS) nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy, supported by in silico predictions of chemical shifts, shows both two- and threefold screw xylan conformations are present in fresh Arabidopsis stems. The twofold screw xylan is spatially close to cellulose, and has similar rigidity to the cellulose microfibrils, but reverts to the threefold screw conformation in the cellulose-deficient irx3 mutant. The discovery that induced polysaccharide conformation underlies cell wall assembly provides new principles to understand biomass properties.
28000668|a|UNASSIGNED: Prime farmland (PF) is defined as high-quality farmland and a prime farmland protection area (PFPA, including related roads, waters and facilities) is a region designated for the special protection of PF. However, rapid urbanization in China has led to a tremendous farmland loss and to the degradation of farmland quality. Based on remote sensing and geographic information system technology, this study developed a semiautomatic procedure for designating PFPAs using high-resolution satellite imagery (HRSI), which involved object-based image analysis, farmland composite evaluation, and spatial analysis. It was found that the HRSIs can provide elaborate land-use information, and the PFPA demarcation showed strong correlation with the farmland area and patch distance. For the benefit of spatial planning and management, different demarcation rules should be applied for suburban and exurban areas around a metropolis. Finally, the overall accuracy of HRSI classification was about 80% for the study area, and high-quality farmlands from evaluation results were selected as PFs. About 95% of the PFs were demarcated within the PFPAs. The results of this study will be useful for PFPA planning and the methods outlined could help in the automatic designation of PFPAs from the perspective of the spatial science.
28000679|a|Mycobacterium tuberculosis (M.tb), the causative agent of tuberculosis, is a major public health challenge facing the world. During infection, M.tb is deposited in the lung alveolar space where it comes in contact with the lung mucosa, known as alveolar lining fluid (ALF), an environment that M.tb encounters at different stages of the infection and disease. ALF is abundant in homeostatic and antimicrobial hydrolytic enzymes, also known as hydrolases. Here we demonstrate that ALF hydrolases, at their physiological concentrations and upon contact with M.tb, release M.tb cell envelope fragments into the milieu. These released fragments are bioactive, but non-cytotoxic, regulate the function of macrophages, and thus are capable of modulating the immune response contributing to the control of M.tb infection by human macrophages. Specifically, macrophages exposed to fragments derived from the exposure of M.tb to ALF were able to control the infection primarily by increasing phagosome-lysosome fusion and acidification events. This enhanced control was found to be dependent on fragment-induced interleukin-10 (IL-10) production but also involves the STAT3 signaling pathway in an IL-10-independent manner. Collectively our data indicate that M.tb fragments released upon contact with lung mucosa hydrolases participate in the host immune response to M.tb infection through innate immune modulation.
28000680|a|
28000689|a|BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Flax and Salba-chia seeds have risen in popularity owing to their favorable nutrient composition, including a high fiber content. Despite having comparable nutritional profiles, preliminary observations suggest differences in gelling properties, an attribute that may alter the kinetics of food digestion. Thus, we compared the effect of two seeds on postprandial glycemia and satiety scores. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Fifteen healthy participants (M/F: 5/10; age: 23.9  3 years; BMI: 22.2  0.8   kg/m2) were randomized to receive a 50   g glucose challenge, alone or supplemented with either 25   g ground Salba-chia or 31.5   g flax, on three separate occasions. Blood glucose samples and satiety ratings were collected at fasting and over 2-h postprandially. In addition, in vitro viscosity of the beverages was assessed utilizing standard rheological methodology. RESULTS: Both Salba-chia and flax reduced blood glucose area under the curve over 120   min by 82.5  19.7   mmol/l (P<0.001) and 60.0  19.7   mmol/l (P=0.014), respectively, relative to a glucose control. Salba-chia reduced peak glucose (-0.64  0.24   mmol/l; P=0.030) and increased time to peak (11.3  3.8   min; P=0.015) compared with flax. Salba-chia significantly reduced the mean ratings of desire to eat (-7  2   mm; P=0.005), prospective consumption (-7  2   mm; P=0.010) and overall appetite score (-6  2   mm; P=0.012), when compared with flax. The viscosity of Salba-chia, flax and control was 49.9, 2.5, and 0.002 Pa  s, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Despite the similarities in nutritional composition, Salba-chia appears to have the ability to convert glucose into a slow-release carbohydrate and affect satiety to a greater extent than flax, possibly due to the higher fiber viscosity. Incorporation of either flax or Salba-chia into the diet may be beneficial, although use of Salba-chia may confer additional benefit.
28000690|a|
28000699|a|Genetic leukoencephalopathies are a heterogeneous group of central nervous system disorders with white matter involvement. In a Finnish patient, we identified a novel homozygous disease-causing variant in HIKESHI, c.11G>C, p.(Cys4Ser), leading to hypomyelinating leukoencephalopathy with periventricular cysts and vermian atrophy. A founder Ashkenazi-Jewish disease-causing variant recently linked Hikeshi and its heat-shock protective function to leukoencephalopathy. In our patient, clinical features of lower limb spasticity, optic atrophy, nystagmus, and severe developmental delay were similar to reported patients. Additional features included vermian atrophy, epileptic seizures, and an ovarian tumor. Structural modeling and protein analyses revealed that modified interactions inside Hikeshi's hydrophobic pockets induce protein instability. The patient's cells showed impaired nuclear translocation of HSP70 during heat shock, and decreased ERO1-La, an endoplasmic reticulum (ER) oxidoreductase. Overall, we show that: (1) the clinical spectrum associated with Hikeshi deficiency extends to leukoencephalopathy with vermian atrophy and epilepsy; (2) the cellular disease process involves both nuclear chaperone and ER functions.
28000700|a|Recent population genetic studies have provided valuable insights on the demographic history of our species. However, some issues such as the dating of the first demographic expansions in human populations remain puzzling. Indeed, although a few genetic studies argued that the first human expansions were concomitant with the Neolithic transition, many others found signals of expansion events starting during the Palaeolithic. Here we performed a simulation study to show that these contradictory findings may result from the differences in the genetic markers used, especially if two successive expansion events occurred. For a large majority of replicates for each scenario tested, microsatellite data allow only detecting the recent expansion event in that case, whereas sequence data allow only detecting the ancient expansion. Combined with previous real data analyses, our results bring support to the ideas that (i) a first human expansions started during the Palaeolithic period, (ii) a second expansion event occurred later, concomitantly with the Neolithic transition.
28000701|a|Hearing impairment (HI) is genetically heterogeneous which hampers genetic counseling and molecular diagnosis. Testing of several single HI-related genes is laborious and expensive. In this study, we evaluate the diagnostic utility of whole-exome sequencing (WES) targeting a panel of HI-related genes. Two hundred index patients, mostly of Dutch origin, with presumed hereditary HI underwent WES followed by targeted analysis of an HI gene panel of 120 genes. We found causative variants underlying the HI in 67 of 200 patients (33.5%). Eight of these patients have a large homozygous deletion involving STRC, OTOA or USH2A, which could only be identified by copy number variation detection. Variants of uncertain significance were found in 10 patients (5.0%). In the remaining 123 cases, no potentially causative variants were detected (61.5%). In our patient cohort, causative variants in GJB2, USH2A, MYO15A and STRC, and in MYO6 were the leading causes for autosomal recessive and dominant HI, respectively. Segregation analysis and functional analyses of variants of uncertain significance will probably further increase the diagnostic yield of WES.
28000702|a|
28000710|a|UNASSIGNED: This present paper was focused on the manufacture of activated carbon (AC) and its application in the electrokinetic remediation (EKR) technology on removal of the heavy metals (HMs) from the municipal solid waste incineration fly ash. AC was produced from Neosinocalamus affinis (NF) by chemical activation with H3PO4 in N2 atmosphere, the effects of activation temperatures, soaking time and impregnation ratios on the adsorption capacity of AC on HMs were examined through equilibrium adsorption experiments. The AC produced under the condition of 450     C of activation temperature, 10   h of soaking time and 1.5 of impregnation ration was applied in the EKR experiment. The addition of AC in the S3-region of the electrolyzer could effectively improve the removal efficiencies of HMs. The technical parameters of voltage gradient, processing time and proportion were further optimized in the coupled experiments, the maximum removal of Cu, Zn, Cd, and Pb was 84.93%, 69.61%, 79.57%, and 78.55% respectively obtained under the optimal operating conditions of 2   V/cm of voltage gradient, 8 d of processing time and 20% of proportion.
28000715|a|UNASSIGNED: Natural composite biomaterials are good structural supports for bone cells to regenerate lost bone. Here, we report that a chitosan-collagen composite film accelerated osteoblast proliferation, differentiation and matrix mineralization in MC3T3-E1 cells. Intriguingly, we observed that the film enhanced the phosphorylation of Erk1/2. We showed that the chitosan-collagen composite film increased the transcriptional activity of Runx2, which is an important factor regulating osteoblast differentiation downstream of phosphorylated Erk1/2. Consistent with this observation, we found that the chitosan-collagen composite film increased the expression of osteoblastic marker genes, including Type I Collagen and Runx2 in MC3T3-E1 cells. We conclude that this film promoted osteoblast differentiation and matrix mineralization through an Erk1/2-activated Runx2 pathway. Our findings provide new evidence that chitosan-collagen composites are promising biomaterials for bone tissue engineering in bone defect-related diseases.
28000716|a|UNASSIGNED: The heterotrimeric AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), consisting of a, b and y subunits, is a stress-sensing enzyme that is activated by phosphorylation of its activation loop in response to increases in cellular AMP. N-terminal myristoylation of the b-subunit has been shown to suppress Thr172 phosphorylation, keeping AMPK in an inactive state. Here we use amide hydrogen-deuterium exchange mass spectrometry (HDX-MS) to investigate the structural and dynamic properties of the mammalian myristoylated and non-myristoylated inactivated AMPK (D139A) in the presence and absence of nucleotides. HDX MS data suggests that the myristoyl group binds near the first helix of the C-terminal lobe of the kinase domain similar to other kinases. Our data, however, also shows that ATP.Mg(2+) results in a global stabilization of myristoylated, but not non-myristoylated AMPK, and most notably for peptides of the activation loop of the a-kinase domain, the autoinhibitory sequence (AIS) and the bCBM. AMP does not have that effect and HDX measurements for myristoylated and non-myristoylated AMPK in the presence of AMP are similar. These differences in dynamics may account for a reduced basal rate of phosphorylation of Thr172 in myristoylated AMPK in skeletal muscle where endogenous ATP concentrations are very high.
28000725|a|UNASSIGNED: GeSbS ridge waveguides have recently been demonstrated as a promising mid - infrared platform for integrated waveguide - based chemical sensing and photodetection. To date, their nonlinear optical properties remain relatively unexplored. In this paper, we characterize the nonlinear optical properties of GeSbS glasses, and show negligible nonlinear losses at 1.55    m. Using self - phase modulation experiments, we characterize a waveguide nonlinear parameter of 7   W(-1)/m and nonlinear refractive index of 3.71   *   10(-18)   m(2)/W. GeSbS waveguides are used to generate supercontinuum from 1280   nm to 2120   nm at the -30 dB level. The spectrum expands along the red shifted side of the spectrum faster than on the blue shifted side, facilitated by cascaded stimulated Raman scattering arising from the large Raman gain of chalcogenides. Fourier transform infrared spectroscopic measurements show that these glasses are optically transparent up to 25    m, making them useful for short - wave to long - wave infrared applications in both linear and nonlinear optics.
28000733|a|UNASSIGNED: In recent years, 3D printing technologies have been extensively developed, enabling rapid prototyping from a conceptual design to an actual product. However, additive manufacturing of metals in the existing technologies is still cost-intensive and time-consuming. Herein a novel platform for low-cost additive manufacturing is introduced by simultaneously combining the laser-induced forward transfer (LIFT) method with photochemical reaction. Using acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS) polymer as the sacrificial layer, sufficient ejection momentum can be generated in the LIFT method. A low-cost continuous wave (CW) laser diode at 405   nm was utilized and proved to be able to transfer the photochemically synthesized copper onto the target substrate. The wavelength-dependent photochemical behaviour in the LIFT method was verified and characterized by both theoretical and experimental studies compared to 1064   nm fiber laser. The conductivity of the synthesized copper patterns could be enhanced using post electroless plating while retaining the designed pattern shapes. Prototypes of electronic circuits were accordingly built and demonstrated for powering up LEDs. Apart from pristine PDMS materials with low surface energies, the proposed method can simultaneously perform laser-induced forward transfer and photochemical synthesis of metals, starting from their metal oxide forms, onto various target substrates such as polyimide, glass and thermoplastics.
28000736|a|UNASSIGNED: The development of biocatalysts capable of fermenting xylose, a five-carbon sugar abundant in lignocellulosic biomass, is a key step to achieve a viable production of second-generation ethanol. In this work, a robust industrial strain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae was modified by the addition of essential genes for pentose metabolism. Subsequently, taken through cycles of adaptive evolution with selection for optimal xylose utilization, strains could efficiently convert xylose to ethanol with a yield of about 0.46   g ethanol/g xylose. Though evolved independently, two strains carried shared mutations: amplification of the xylose isomerase gene and inactivation of ISU1, a gene encoding a scaffold protein involved in the assembly of iron-sulfur clusters. In addition, one of evolved strains carried a mutation in SSK2, a member of MAPKKK signaling pathway. In validation experiments, mutating ISU1 or SSK2 improved the ability to metabolize xylose of yeast cells without adaptive evolution, suggesting that these genes are key players in a regulatory network for xylose fermentation. Furthermore, addition of iron ion to the growth media improved xylose fermentation even by non-evolved cells. Our results provide promising new targets for metabolic engineering of C5-yeasts and point to iron as a potential new additive for improvement of second-generation ethanol production.
28000737|a|UNASSIGNED: Alzheimer's disease (AD) is characterized by severe basal forebrain cholinergic deficit, which results in progressive and chronic deterioration of memory and cognitive functions. Similar to acetylcholinesterase, butyrylcholinesterase (BChE) contributes to the termination of cholinergic neurotransmission. Its enzymatic activity increases with the disease progression, thus classifying BChE as a viable therapeutic target in advanced AD. Potent, selective and reversible human BChE inhibitors were developed. The solved crystal structure of human BChE in complex with the most potent inhibitor reveals its binding mode and provides the molecular basis of its low nanomolar potency. Additionally, this compound is noncytotoxic and has neuroprotective properties. Furthermore, this inhibitor moderately crosses the blood-brain barrier and improves memory, cognitive functions and learning abilities of mice in a model of the cholinergic deficit that characterizes AD, without producing acute cholinergic adverse effects. Our study provides an advanced lead compound for developing drugs for alleviating symptoms caused by cholinergic hypofunction in advanced AD.
28000738|a|UNASSIGNED: As new treatment approaches, both immunotherapy and targeted treatments have been used in the clinical treatment of cancers. These therapies are different from traditional surgery, chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Use of a combination of immunotherapy and targeted treatments may improve tumor clearance. We investigated the feasibility of combining tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs, targeted drugs) and SZU-101 (a novel TLR7 agonist synthesized by our laboratory). Thirteen different TKIs were combined with or without SZU-101 and studied to determine their effects on immunocytes. On the basis of the distinctive results, lapatinib and sunitinib were selected for further tumor-inhibition investigation and determination of the underlying mechanism. Interestingly, we found lapatinib to work better with SZU-101, enhancing tumor clearance in vivo, without affecting the TLR7-NF-kB pathway activated by the TLR7 agonist in mouse spleen lymphocytes and bone marrow dendritic cells (BMDCs).
28000739|a|UNASSIGNED: By exploiting data from the Toxic Release Inventory of the United States, we have established that the toxicological footprint (TF) increased by 3.3% (88.4 Mt) between 1998 and 1999 and decreased by 39% (1088.5 Mt) between 1999 and 2013. From 1999 to 2006, the decreasing TF was driven by improvements in emissions intensity (i.e. gains in production efficiency) through toxic chemical management options: cleaner production; end of pipe treatment; transfer for further waste management; and production scale. In particular, the mining sector reduced its TF through outsourcing processes. Between 2006 and 2009, decreasing TF was due to decrease in consumption volume triggered by economic recession. Since 2009, the economic recovery increased TF, overwhelming the influence of improved emissions intensity through population growth, consumption and production structures. Accordingly, attaining a less-toxic economy and environment will be influenced by a combination of gains in production efficiency through improvement in emissions mitigation technologies and changes in consumption patterns. Overall, the current analysis highlights the structural dynamics of toxic chemical release and would inform future formulation of effective mitigation standards and management protocols towards the detoxification of the environment.
28000742|a|UNASSIGNED: Gold-based nanocrystals have attracted considerable attention for drug delivery and biological applications due to their distinct shapes. However, overcoming biological barriers is a hard and inevitable problem, which restricts medical applications of nanomaterials in vivo. Seeking for an efficient transportation to penetrate biological barriers is a common need. There are three barriers: blood-testis barrier, blood-placenta barrier, and blood-brain barrier. Here, we pay close attention to the blood-testis barrier. We found that the pentacle gold-copper alloy nanocrystals not only could enter GC-2 cells in vitro in a short time, but also could overcome the blood-testis barrier and enter male germ cells in vivo. Furthermore, we demonstrated that the entrance efficiency would become much higher in the development stages. The results also suggested that the pentacle gold-copper alloy nanocrystals could easier enter to germ cells in the pathological condition. This system could be a new method for theranostics in the reproductive system.
28000744|a|UNASSIGNED: Minus-one ribosomal frameshifting is a translational recoding mechanism widely utilized by many RNA viruses to generate accurate ratios of structural and catalytic proteins. An RNA pseudoknot structure located in the overlapping region of the gag and pro genes of Simian Retrovirus type 1 (SRV-1) stimulates frameshifting. However, the experimental characterization of SRV-1 pseudoknot (un)folding dynamics and the effect of the base triple formation is lacking. Here, we report the results of our single-molecule nanomanipulation using optical tweezers and theoretical simulation by steered molecular dynamics. Our results directly reveal that the energetic coupling between loop 2 and stem 1 via minor-groove base triple formation enhances the mechanical stability. The terminal base pair in stem 1 (directly in contact with a translating ribosome at the slippery site) also affects the mechanical stability of the pseudoknot. The -1 frameshifting efficiency is positively correlated with the cooperative one-step unfolding force and inversely correlated with the one-step mechanical unfolding rate at zero force. A significantly improved correlation was observed between -1 frameshifting efficiency and unfolding rate at forces of 15-35   pN, consistent with the fact that the ribosome is a force-generating molecular motor with helicase activity. No correlation was observed between thermal stability and -1 frameshifting efficiency.
28000745|a|UNASSIGNED: Humans have a tendency to forgo their own attitudes or beliefs in order to better align with the interests of a majority, a behavioral process known as conformity. Social conformity has been widely studied among adults and adolescents, whereas experimental studies on the impact of peer influence among young children have been relatively limited. The current study aims to investigate both short-term and sustained conforming behaviors among children in situations of relatively low social pressure. Forty-one children aged 5 to 6 years rated the attractiveness of 90 faces presented serially followed by witnessing a group rating in the absence of peers. Subsequently, second judgement was made after 30   minutes (Experiment 1). Results show that 6-year-old children tended to conform to their peers when group ratings differed from their own ratings, while younger children did not. In Experiment 2, children were required to make the second judgment one day after exposure to group ratings. Similarly, children aged 6 years exhibited a sustained conformity effect even after one day. Our findings suggest that 6-year-old children spontaneously change their private opinions under implicit social influence from peers.
28000747|a|UNASSIGNED: Glycosphingolipids are ubiquitous cell surface molecules undertaking fundamental cellular processes. Lacto-N-tetraose (LNT) and lacto-N-neotetraose (LNnT) are the representative core structures for lacto- and neolacto-series glycosphingolipids. These glycolipids are the carriers to the blood group antigen and human natural killer antigens mainly found on blood cells, and are also principal components in human milk, contributing to infant health. The b-galactoside recognising galectins mediate various cellular functions of these glycosphingolipids. We report crystallographic structures of the galectin-8 N-terminal domain (galectin-8N) in complex with LNT and LNnT. We reveal the first example in which the non-reducing end of LNT binds to the primary binding site of a galectin, and provide a structure-based rationale for the significant ten-fold difference in binding affinities of galectin-8N toward LNT compared to LNnT, such a magnitude of difference not being observed for any other galectin. In addition, the LNnT complex showed that the unique Arg59 has ability to adopt a new orientation, and comparison of glycerol- and lactose-bound galectin-8N structures reveals a minimum atomic framework for ligand recognition. Overall, these results enhance our understanding of glycosphingolipids interactions with galectin-8N, and highlight a structure-based rationale for its significantly different affinity for components of biologically relevant glycosphingolipids.
28000750|a|UNASSIGNED: Atomistic chemical inhomogeneities are anticipated to induce dissimilarities in surface potentials, which control corrosion initiation of alloys at the atomic scale. Precise understanding of corrosion is therefore hampered by lack of definite information describing how atomistic heterogeneities regulate the process. Here, using high-angle annular dark-field (HAADF) scanning transmission electron microscope (STEM) and electron energy loss spectroscopy (EELS) techniques, we systematically analyzed the Al20Cu2Mn3 second phase of 2024Al and successfully observed that atomic-scale segregation of Cu at defect sites induced preferential dissolution of the adjacent zones. We define an "atomic-scale galvanic cell", composed of zones rich in Cu and its surrounding matrix. Our findings provide vital information linking atomic-scale microstructure and pitting mechanism, particularly for Al-Cu-Mg alloys. The resolution achieved also enables understanding of dealloying mechanisms and further streamlines our comprehension of the concept of general corrosion.
28000751|a|UNASSIGNED: Cardiac fibrosis is a common finding in patients with chronic kidney disease. Here, we investigate the cardio-renal effects of theracurmin, a novel formulation of the polyphenolic compound curcumin, in a rat model of chronic kidney disease. Briefly, Sprague-Dawley rats were randomized to undergo sham or subtotal nephrectomy (SNx) surgery. At 3 weeks post surgery, SNx animals were further randomized to received theracurmin via once daily oral gavage or vehicle for 5 consecutive weeks. At 8 weeks post surgery, cardiac function was assessed via echocardiography and pressure volume loop analysis, followed by LV and renal tissue collection for analysis. SNx animals developed key hallmarks of renal injury including hypertension, proteinuria, elevated blood urea nitrogen, and glomerulosclerosis. Renal injury in SNx animals was also associated with significant diastolic dysfunction, macrophage infiltration, and cardiac NLRP3 inflammasome activation. Treatment of SNx animals with theracurmin improved structural and functional manifestations of cardiac injury associated with renal failure and also attenuated cardiac NLRP3 inflammasome activation and mature IL-1b release. Taken together, our findings suggest a significant role for the NLRP3 inflammasome in renal injury-induced cardiac dysfunction and presents inflammasome attenuation as a unique strategy to prevent adverse cardiac remodeling in the setting of chronic kidney disease.
28000760|a|Tail-anchored (TA) proteins are post-translationally inserted into membranes. The TRC40 pathway targets TA proteins to the endoplasmic reticulum via a receptor comprised of WRB and CAML. TRC40 pathway clients have been identified using in vitro assays, however, the relevance of the TRC40 pathway in vivo remains unknown. We followed the fate of TA proteins in two tissue-specific WRB knockout mouse models and found that their dependence on the TRC40 pathway in vitro did not predict their reaction to receptor depletion in vivo. The SNARE syntaxin 5 (Stx5) was extremely sensitive to disruption of the TRC40 pathway. Screening yeast TA proteins with mammalian homologues, we show that the particular sensitivity of Stx5 is conserved, possibly due to aggregation propensity of its cytoplasmic domain. We establish that Stx5 is an autophagy target that is inefficiently membrane-targeted by alternative pathways. Our results highlight an intimate relationship between the TRC40 pathway and cellular proteostasis.
28000761|a|UNASSIGNED: ATP levels may represent fundamental health conditions of cells. However, precise measurement of intracellular ATP levels in living cells is hindered by the lack of suitable methodologies. Here, we developed a novel ATP biosensor termed "BTeam". BTeam comprises a yellow fluorescent protein (YFP), the ATP binding domain of the    subunit of the bacterial ATP synthase, and an ATP-nonconsuming luciferase (NLuc). To attain emission, BTeam simply required NLuc substrate. BTeam showed elevated bioluminescence resonance energy transfer efficiency upon ATP binding, resulted in the emission spectra changes correlating with ATP concentrations. By using values of YFP/NLuc emission ratio to represent ATP levels, BTeam achieved steady signal outputs even though emission intensities were altered. With this biosensor, we succeeded in the accurate quantification of intracellular ATP concentrations of a population of living cells, as demonstrated by detecting the slight distribution in the cytosol (3.7-4.1   mM) and mitochondrial matrix (2.4-2.7   mM) within some cultured cell lines. Furthermore, BTeam allowed continuous tracing of cytosolic ATP levels of the same cells, as well as bioluminescent imaging of cytosolic ATP dynamics within individual cells. This simple and accurate technique should be an effective method for quantitative measurement of intracellular ATP concentrations.
28000762|a|UNASSIGNED: Mitral cells are major projection neurons of the olfactory bulb (OB) that form an axonal bundle known as the lateral olfactory tract (LOT). After axonal bundle formation, collateral branches sprout from primary axons of the LOT. Recently, we identified LOT usher substance (LOTUS) as an endogenous Nogo receptor-1 (NgR1) antagonist and demonstrated that LOTUS contributes to the formation of the LOT axonal bundle. Immunoblots revealed that the expression level of Nogo-A in the OB developmentally increased during axonal collateral formation. Next, we found that the axonal collateral branches were increased in cultured OB neurons from LOTUS-knockout (KO) mice, whereas they were decreased in cultured OB neurons from NgR1-KO mice. Knockdown of Nogo-A in cultured OB neurons reduced the number of axonal collateral branches, suggesting that endogenous Nogo-A induces axonal branching. Finally, the collateral branches of the LOT were increased in LOTUS-KO mice, whereas those in NgR1-KO mice were decreased. Moreover, the abnormal increase of axonal branching observed in LOTUS-KO mice was rescued in the double mutant of LOTUS- and NgR1-KO mice. These findings suggest that Nogo-A and NgR1 interactions may contribute to axonal branching in LOT development.
28000779|a|UNASSIGNED: We propose and experimentally demonstrate a new complex laser beam with inhomogeneous polarization distributions mapping onto high-order Poincar   spheres (HOPSs). The complex laser mode is achieved by superposition of Laguerre-Gaussian modes and manifests exotic flower-like localization on intensity and phase profiles. A simple optical system is used to generate a polarization-variant distribution on the complex laser mode by superposition of orthogonal circular polarizations with opposite topological charges. Numerical analyses of the polarization distribution are consistent with the experimental results. The novel flower HOPS beams can act as a new light source for photonic applications.
28000780|a|UNASSIGNED: Over the history of carbon, it is generally acknowledged that Bernal AB stacking of the sp(2) carbon layers is the unique crystalline form of graphite. The universal graphite structure is synthesized at 2,600~3,000     C and exhibits a micro-polycrystalline feature. In this paper, we provide evidence for a metastable form of graphite with an AA' structure. The non-Bernal AA' allotrope of graphite is synthesized by the thermal- and plasma-treatment of graphene nanopowders at ~1,500     C. The formation of AA' bilayer graphene nuclei facilitates the preferred texture growth and results in single-crystal AA' graphite in the form of nanoribbons (1D) or microplates (2D) of a few nm in thickness. Kinetically controlled AA' graphite exhibits unique nano- and single-crystalline feature and shows quasi-linear behavior near the K-point of the electronic band structure resulting in anomalous optical and acoustic phonon behavior.
28000792|a|UNASSIGNED: For past three decades, numerous studies have elucidated the antiproliferative effects of acetogenins in hopes of developing a new class of clinical anticancer agents. However, clear and definitive action mechanisms of acetogenins were less clarified. In the present study, three tetrahydrofuran (THF)-containing acetogenins were found to have potent and selective antiproliferative activity against human nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) cell lines and their methotrexate-resistant counterparts. The THF-containing acetogenins induced G2/M phase arrest, mitochondrial damage and apoptosis, and increased cytosolic and mitochondrial Ca(2+) in NPCs. Microarray analysis of NPC-TW01 cells treated with squamostatin A, a non-adjacent bis-THF acetogenin, demonstrated an increased endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-stress response (ESR). Enhanced ESR in squamostatin A-treated cells was confirmed by real-time PCR, Western blot and shRNA gene knockdown experiments. Although our results showed that squamostatin A-induced ESR was independent of extracellular Ca(2+), the presence of extracellular Ca(2+) enhanced the antiproliferative effect of acetogenins. In vivo analyses demonstrated that squamostatin A showed good pharmacokinetic properties and significantly retarded NPC tumor growth in the xenograft mouse model. Conclusively, our work demonstrates that acetogenins are effective and selective inducers of the ESR that can block NPC proliferation, and illustrate a previously unappreciated antitumor mechanism of acetogenins that is effective against nasopharyngeal malignancies.
28000793|a|UNASSIGNED: The huge variation in root system architecture (RSA) among different rice (Oryza sativa) cultivars is conferred by their genetic makeup and different growth or climatic conditions. Unlike model plant Arabidopsis, the molecular basis of such variation in RSA is very poorly understood in rice. Cultivars with stable variation are valuable resources for identification of genes involved in RSA and related physiological traits. We have screened for RSA and identified two such indica rice cultivars, IR-64 (OsAS83) and IET-16348 (OsAS84), with stable contrasting RSA. OsAS84 produces robust RSA with more crown roots, lateral roots and root hairs than OsAS83. Using comparative root transcriptome analysis of these cultivars, we identified genes related to root development and different physiological responses like abiotic stress responses, hormone signaling, and nutrient acquisition or transport. The two cultivars differ in their response to salinity/dehydration stresses, phosphate/nitrogen deficiency, and different phytohormones. Differential expression of genes involved in salinity or dehydration response, nitrogen (N) transport, phosphate (Pi) starvation signaling, hormone signaling and root development underlies more resistance of OsAS84 towards abiotic stresses, Pi or N deficiency and its robust RSA. Thus our study uncovers gene-network involved in root development and abiotic stress responses in rice.
28000794|a|UNASSIGNED: While effects of gestational, neonatal or adolescent stress on psychological alterations in progeny have been extensively studied, much less is known regarding the effects of adult pre-gestational life events on offspring behavior. Although full siblings often display behavioral differences, whether the different parental life events prior to different pregnancies contribute to these behavioral differences among siblings is worth studying. In this study, male and female adult mice were restrained for 60 days before mating with unstressed or stressed partners. F1 offspring were examined for anxiety or mated to generate F2. Both F1 females and males from restrained mothers and/or fathers showed significantly reduced anxiety and serum cortisol and increased mRNA levels of glucocorticoid receptor and brain-derived neurotrophic factor compared to control offspring from unstressed parents. Similar behavioral and molecular changes were also observed in F2 females and males. Although restraint of adolescent mice reduced anxiety in F1 of both sexes, social instability of them increased anxiety predominantly in F1 females. Thus, adult pre-gestational restraint reduced offspring's anxiety across generations; different stressors on parents may cause different phenotypes in offspring; individual behaviors can depend on adult life experiences of parents.
28000807|a|We report a new semi-classical method to compute highly excited rotational energy levels of an asymmetric-top molecule. The method forgoes the idea of a full quantum mechanical treatment of the ro-vibrational motion of the molecule. Instead, it employs a semi-classical Green's function approach to describe the rotational motion, while retaining a quantum mechanical description of the vibrations. Similar approaches have existed for some time, but the method proposed here has two novel features. First, inspired by the path integral method, periodic orbits in the phase space and tunneling paths are naturally obtained by means of molecular symmetry analysis. Second, the rigorous variational method is employed for the first time to describe the molecular vibrations. In addition, we present a new robust approach to generating rotational energy surfaces for vibrationally excited states; this is done in a fully quantum-mechanical, variational manner. The semi-classical approach of the present work is applied to calculating the energies of very highly excited rotational states and it reduces dramatically the computing time as well as the storage and memory requirements when compared to the fullly quantum-mechanical variational approach. Test calculations for excited states of SO2 yield semi-classical energies in very good agreement with the available experimental data and the results of fully quantum-mechanical calculations.
28000808|a|Ellipsoid nitrogen-doped hollow carbon shells with different nitrogen contents and electrical conductivities were prepared using a simple calcination method by regulating the calcination temperature. Although a high nitrogen content promotes pseudocapacitance, it reduces the electrical conductivity of carbon, causing loss of capacitance. The best rate performance was achieved by a mixture of two types of ellipsoid nitrogen-doped hollow carbon shells, in which one contains a higher level of nitrogen with lower conductivity and higher pseudocapacitance, while the other contains a relatively lower level of nitrogen with higher conductivity. The enhanced performance can be explained by the synergistic effect of one component providing high pseudocapacitance and the other component serving as a highly electrically conductive network, which leads to activation of "nitrogen" to enhance pseudocapacitance performance. The mixed material showed a specific capacitance of 156.9 F g<sup>-1</sup>at a high current density of 10 A g<sup>-1</sup>, with no degradation after 10   000 cycles.
28000810|a|UNASSIGNED: Despite the claim of the contrary, (i) the facile formation of a ring-opened cyclic peroxide from reaction of a 1,2-disubstituted benzocyclobutene with molecular oxygen has been reported before, and (ii) the analysis of the mechanistic steps of this process is incomplete, as only the symmetry-allowed conrotatory ring-opening of the benzocyclobutene has been considered. The probable involvement of biradical intermediates/biradicaloid transition states in a formally symmetry-forbidden reaction sequence has not been taken into account.
28000811|a|Nitrogen doping of graphene oxide was demonstrated for the first time at a temperature as low as 5   C in ammonia solution with the aid of ultrasonication. Controlling the ultrasonication time and bath temperature permitted tuning of the N doping level. The resulting N doped graphene oxide showed high activity towards the oxygen reduction reaction.
28000821|a|
28000822|a|UNASSIGNED: Ion transport through nanopores is an important process in nature and has important engineering applications. To date, most studies of nanopore ion transport have been carried out with electrolytes of relatively low concentrations. In this paper, we report on ionic current modulation from the translocation of dsDNA through a nanopore under high ionic strength and with an electrolyte concentration gradient across the nanopore. Results show that in this case, DNA translocation can induce either negative or positive ionic current modulation, even though usually only downward peaks are expected under this high ion concentration. Through a series of experiments and numerical simulations with nanopores of different diameters and concentration gradients, it is found that the positive pulse is due to extra ions outside the electric double layer of the DNA that are brought into the nanopore by the enhanced electroosmotic flow (EOF) with the negatively charged DNA inside the nanopore.
28000823|a|UNASSIGNED: Solid-state-lithium ion batteries (SS-LIBs) are a promising candidate for next-generation energy storage devices. Novel methods for characterizing electrochemical reactions occurring during battery operation at the nanoscale are highly required for understanding the fundamental working principle and improving the performance of the devices. In this work, we combined Ar ion milling under non-atmospheric conditions with in situ cross-sectional Kelvin probe force microscopy (KPFM) for direct imaging of the internal electrical potential distribution of the SS-LIBs. We succeeded in the direct visualization of the change in the potential distribution of a cathode composite electrode (a mixture of the active materials, solid electrolytes, and conductive additives) arising from battery charging (electrochemical reaction). The observed results provided several insights into battery operation, such as the behavior of Li ions and inhomogeneity of electrochemical reactions in the electrode. Our method paves the way to characterize the fundamental aspects of SS-LIBs for the improvement of device performance, including the evaluation of the distribution of the Li ion depleted regions, visualization of the conductive paths, and analysis of the cause of degradation.
28000824|a|
28000834|a|UNASSIGNED: In this study, a facile two-phase solvothermal method was used to synthesize Co3O4 nanocubes with high crystallinity and narrow size distribution (   49 nm) for use in lithium-ion batteries. Here, oleylamine (OAm) was chosen as the solvent, surfactant, and reducing agent. After washing with the appropriate organic solvent, the Co3O4 nanocubes self-assembled into hexagonal plates with a diameter and thickness of approximately 2.5  m and 550 nm, respectively. Moreover, with the assistance of dipole-dipole and van der Waals interactions, the Co3O4 nanocubes stacked along the [111] direction with their exposed facets attached, leading to their final exposed cross-sectional facet being (111). A possible assembling mechanism is proposed and explained in detail. Furthermore, the self-assembled (111) faceted Co3O4 plates exhibited superior electrochemical capacity and stability to those original (001) faceted Co3O4 nanocubes for Li(+) ion storage. Therefore, the solvent engineered self-assembly into secondary structures has proven to be a potential strategy for energy applications.
28000835|a|
28000836|a|
28000837|a|
28000844|a|UNASSIGNED: Esculetin, a coumarin derivative isolated from a variety of medicinal herbs, has been reported to possess multiple therapeutic and pharmacological actions. Although several studies have demonstrated the antioxidant activity of esculetin, its mechanisms of action have not been clearly established. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of esculetin against hydrogen peroxide  (H2O2)  -induced oxidative stress in C2C12 myoblasts and to investigate the mechanisms involved in this process. Our data indicated that esculetin preconditioning significantly attenuated H2O2  -induced growth inhibition and DNA damage and the apoptosis of C2C12 cells by suppressing intracellular reactive oxygen species  (ROS) accumulation. Treatment with esculetin effectively increased the phosphorylation of nuclear factor erythroid 2  -related factor 2  (Nrf2) and the expression of NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase  1  (NQO1). Esculetin treatment also activated extracellular signal  -regulated kinase  (ERK), and pre  -treatment with PD98059, an ERK  -specific inhibitor, blocked esculetin-mediated phosphorylation of Nrf2 and the induction of NQO1 expression. In addition, the protective effects of esculetin against H2O2  -induced ROS accumulation, apoptosis and growth inhibition were abrogated in the C2C12 cells pre  -treated with PD98059. Thus, the present study demonstrates that esculetin protects C2C12 cells against oxidative stress-induced injury, possibly through the activation of the Nrf2/NQO1 pathway.
28000852|a|UNASSIGNED: miRNAs (microRNAs) have been validated to play fateful roles in the occurrence and development of cancers by post-transcriptionally targeting 3'-untranslated regions of the downstream gene mRNAs to repress mRNA expression. Mounting investigations forcefully document that not only does miR  -22 biologically impinge on the processes of senescence, energy supply, angiogenesis, EMT (epithelial-mesenchymal transition), proliferation, migration, invasion, metastasis and apoptosis, but also it genetically or epigenetically exerts dual (inhibitory/promoting cancer) effects in various cancers via CNAs (copy number alterations), SNPs (single nucleotide polymorphisms), methylation, acetylation and even more momentously hydroxymethylation. Additionally, miR  -22 expression may fluctuate with cancer progression in the body fluids of cancer patients and miR  -22 could amplify its inhibitory or promoting effects through partaking in positive or negative feedback loops and interplaying with many other related miRNAs in the cascade of events, making it possible for miR  -22 to be a promising and complementary or even independent cancer biomarker in some cancers and engendering profound influences on the early diagnosis, therapeutics, supervising curative effects and prognosis.
28000853|a|UNASSIGNED: Matrine is an alkaloid from Sophora flavescens that exhibits multiple protective effects on cancers. However, the molecular mechanisms of anti-metastatic effects of matrine on castration-resistant prostate cancer (CRPC) remain unknown. This study investigated the anti-metastatic effects of matrine on CRPC to identify the underlying mechanisms. The effects of matrine on the cell viability of DU145 and PC-3 cells were measured using MTS assay. The impact of matrine on expression levels of matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-9, MMP-2, nuclear factor-kB (NF-kB) subunit p65 and phosphorylated p65 in cells untreated or treated with matrine were analyzed by western blotting. The inhibitory effects of matrine on cell migration and invasion were examined by Transwell assay. The impact of matrine on tumorigenesis in male Balb/c nude mice inoculated subcutaneously with cells were investigated in vivo. We found that matrine inhibited the growth of DU145 and PC3 cells time- and dose-dependently both in  vitro and in vivo. Migration and invasion capabilities of cells were also suppressed by matrine. At the same time, matrine markedly reduced the expression levels of MMP-9, MMP-2 and p-p65 in both cell lines. Further experiments revealed that matrine exhibited inhibitory effects of migration and invasion of CRPC by downregulating MMP-2/9 through NF-kB pathway. Matrine inhibits invasion of CRPC by reducing levels of MMP-9 and MMP-2 through NF-kB pathway. Therefore, it may be a potential anti-metastatic therapeutic agent for CRPC.
28000854|a|UNASSIGNED: Recent studies have shown that microRNAs (miRNAs) are involved in the progression of colorectal cancer (CRC). The aim of this study is to identify a novel miRNA that especially relates to liver metastasis and to explore the underlying mechanism. Differentially expressed miRNAs were analyzed using microarray, in primary CRC tumors without metastasis (n=16), those with liver metastasis (n=12), and liver metastatic lesions (n=8). We found that miR-487b level decreased in liver metastatic lesions, and qRT-PCR confirmed the results in the validating cohort (n=134). Survival analysis indicated that high expression of miR-487b was associated with better prognosis. In vitro studies were also performed to investigate the functional significance of miR-487b in human CRC cell lines. miR-487b showed an inhibitory effect on cell proliferation and invasion of CRC cells. miR-487b downregulated KRAS and inhibited its downstream signal pathways, and the luciferase reporter assay revealed that miR-487b directly targeted LRP6, a receptor for WNT/b-catenin signaling. These findings showed that decrease in miR-487b was related with liver metastasis. Our data suggest a possibility that miR-487b may suppress metastasis of CRC progression through inhibition of KRAS.
28000859|a|UNASSIGNED: As a co-receptor for vascular endothelial growth factor  -3 (VEGF  -3), neuropilin receptor type  -2 (NRP  -2) plays a central role in lymphangiogenesis and angiogenesis. Recently, mounting data of evidence show that NRP  -2 is overexpressed in several human cancers, and its overexpression is often associated with poor prognosis. Therefore, it is necessary for us to develop an affinity reagent for noninvasive imaging of NRP  -2 expression because it may be possible to provide early cancer diagnosis, more accurate prognosis, and better treatment planning. Due to their high affinity, and specificity, monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) have been considered attractive candidates for targeted cancer therapy and diagnostics. We recently generated and validated a monoclonal antibody that specifically binds NRP  -2 b1b2 domain with no cross  -reactivity to NRP  -1 b1b2 domain, also known to be overexpressed in a variety of cancers. Here, we developed a single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) probe for imaging NRP  -2- positive tumors. Anti  -NRP  -2 monoclonal antibodies were prepared by hybridomas and were labeled with iodine  -131 by chloramine  -T method. The in  vitro physicochemical properties of 131I  -anti  -NRP  -2 mAb was determined. Binding affinity and specificity of 131I  -anti  -NRP  -2 mAb to NRP  -2 were assessed using human lung adenocarcinoma A549 cells. Biodistribution and SPECT studies were performed in mice bearing A549 tumor xenografts to evaluate the in  vivo performance of 131I  -anti  -NRP  -2 mAb. The preparation of anti  -NRP  -2 mAb was completed successfully by hybridoma with high purity (>95%) and specific for NRP  -2 b1b2 domain, but not NRP  -1 b1b2 domain. The radiosynthesis of 131I  -anti  -NRP  -2 mAb was completed successfully within 60 min with high labelling efficiency (94.69  3.63%), and radiochemical purity (98.56  0.48%). The resulting probe, 131I  -anti  -NRP  -2 mAb displayed excellent stability in PBS solution during 24-72  h. 131I  -anti  -NRP  -2 mAb showed high binding affinity with A549 cells (96.6  1.44  nM). In  vivo biodistribution and SPECT studies demonstrated targeting of A549 glioma xenografts was NRP  -2 specific. The tumor uptake was 5.86  0.27%  ID/g at 6  h, and kept at high level of 4.64  0.82%  ID/g at 72  h  -post  -injection. The tumor to contralateral muscle ratio (T/NT) was 2.08  0.33 at 6  h, and reached the highest level of 3.83  0.18 at 72  h after injection. SPECT imaging studies revealed that 131I  -anti  -NRP  -2 mAb could clearly identify A549 tumors with good contrast, especially at 48  -72  h after injection. In conclusion, this study demonstrates that 131I  -anti  -NRP  -2 mAb exhibited highly selective uptake in NRP  -2  -expressing tumors, and may provide a promising SPECT probe for imaging NRP  -2 positive tumors.
28000869|a|Advanced oxidation protein products (AOPPs) are recognized as novel markers of oxidative stress and contribute to various medical conditions, which are associated with secondary osteoporosis. However, little is currently known regarding the role of AOPPs in the development of secondary osteoporosis. As the commander cells of bone remodeling, osteocytes are involved in the pathogenesis of osteoporosis. The present study aimed to determine the cytotoxic mechanisms of AOPPs on osteocytic MLO  -Y4 cells. The results demonstrated that treatment with AOPPs significantly triggered apoptosis of MLO  -Y4 cells, in a dose  - and time  -dependent manner. Furthermore, exposure to AOPPs induced phosphorylation of c  -Jun N  -terminal kinases (JNK) and p38  mitogen  -activated protein kinases (MAPK). Conversely, N  -acetylcysteine inhibited the activation of JNK and p38  MAPK, thus suggesting that the AOPPs  -induced activation of JNK/p38  MAPK is reactive oxygen species (ROS)  -dependent. In addition, SB203580 and SP600125 suppressed apoptosis, but did not affect ROS production, following AOPPs treatment. Notably, AOPPs also induced a significant upregulation in the expression levels of sclerostin and receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa  -B ligand (RANKL) in a JNK/p38  MAPK-dependent manner. These findings provide novel insights into the molecular mechanisms underlying AOPPs  -mediated cell death, and suggest that modulation of apoptotic pathways via the MAPK signaling cascade may be considered a therapeutic strategy for the prevention and treatment of secondary osteoporosis.
28000870|a|UNASSIGNED: Glucosamine is a possible cause of vascular endothelial injury in the initial stages of atherosclerosis, through endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress resulting in fatty streaks in the vascular wall. Quercetin is an anti  -diabetic and cardiovascular protective agent that has previously been demonstrated to reduce ER stress in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs). The present study aimed to investigate whether quercetin prevents glucosamine  -induced apoptosis and inflammation via ER stress pathway in HUVECs. The effect of quercetin on cell viability, apoptosis, and protein expression levels of inflammatory cytokines and ER stress markers was investigated in glucosamine  -supplemented HUVECs. Quercetin was demonstrated to protect against glucosamine  -induced apoptosis, improved cell viability, and inhibited expression of pro  -inflammatory factors and endothelin  -1. Quercetin treatment also reduced the expression levels of glucose  -regulated protein  78, phosphorylated protein kinase  -like ER kinase, phosphorylated c  -Jun N  -terminal kinase and C/EBP homologous protein. In conclusion, quercetin may have auxiliary therapeutic potential against glucosamine  -induced cell apoptosis and inflammation, which may be partially due to alleviation of ER stress.
28000883|a|Accumulating evidence indicates that cancer stem cells  (CSCs) are a source of resistance to radiation therapy  (RT); however, the mechanism of this resistance remains unclear. 2-Methoxyestradiol (2-ME2) is a metabolic product of estrogen in the body. Recent studies have found that 2-ME2 regulates the activation of transcription factors, including nuclear factor (NF)-kB/hypoxia-inducible factor-1  (HIF-1), thus contributing to tumor cell apoptosis and chemosensitivity. Therefore, 2-ME2 is being studied as a potential anticancer drug. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect and mechanism by which 2-ME2 inhibits nasopharyngeal carcinoma CNE-2 stem-like cell  (NPCSC) proliferation and migration and reduces NPCSC radioresistance. This study has important significance for reducing the radioresistance of these cells to improve the cure rate of NPC. First, the NPCSCs were collected in a serum-free culture system and then identified by relevant experiments. The NPCSCs were treated with 2-ME2 (0-8    M) combined with X-ray exposure and Cell Counting Kit-8  (CCK-8), Transwell assay, colony formation assay, western blot analysis, RT-PCR, flow cytometry and RNA interference technology were used to explore the effect and mechanism of 2-ME2 on NPCSCs. The results showed that the microspheres collected in the serum  -free culture system possessed CSC traits and radioresistance. 2-ME2 obviously inhibited NPCSC growth and migration and reduced NPCSC radioresistance. 2-ME2 decreased NF-kB p65 and HIF-1a protein expression, downregulated NF-kB p65 nuclear localization, and reversed epithelial-mesenchymal transition  (EMT). NF-kB p65 knockdown reduced HIF-1a expression, reversed EMT, and enhanced the suppressive effect of 2-ME2 on NPCSCs. Collectively, these data indicate that 2-ME2 inhibits NPCSC proliferation and migration and reduces the radioresistance of NPCSCs via NF-kB/HIF-1 signaling pathway inactivation and EMT reversal.
28000885|a|Aberrant expression of microRNAs (miRs) has been reported to be involved in nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) carcinogenesis and development. The expression and functions of miR  -152 have previously been studied in several types of cancer. However, to the best of our knowledge, no previous studies have investigated the effects of miR  -152 on NPC. The present study aimed to explore the expression, functions and molecular mechanisms of miR  -152 in NPC. The expression levels of miR  -152 were detected in NPC tissues and cell lines using quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR). Cell proliferation, migration and invasion were measured by MTT, cell migration and invasion assays, respectively. Dual  -luciferase reporter assay was used to determine whether V  -maf avian musculoaponeurotic fibrosarcoma oncogene homolog  B (MAFB) was a direct target gene of miR  -152. qPCR and western blotting were used to detect the mRNA and protein expression levels of MAFB. In addition, functional assays were performed to explore the effects of endogenous MAFB on NPC. The results of the present study demonstrated that miR  -152 was significantly downregulated in NPC tissues and cell lines. Furthermore, ectopic expression of miR  -152 suppressed cell proliferation, migration and invasion of NPC cells. Dual  -luciferase reporter assay demonstrated that MAFB was a direct target gene of miR  -152, and qPCR and western blotting indicated that miR  -152 negatively regulated MAFB expression at the mRNA and protein level. Knockdown of MAFB expression markedly suppressed NPC cell proliferation, migration and invasion. These findings suggested that miR  -152 may target MAFB to regulate NPC initiation and progression; therefore, it may be investigated as a target for the treatment of NPC.
28000886|a|Although bortezomib (BTZ) remains a first-line agent for multiple myeloma (MM) therapy, the development of BTZ resistance has become an indicator of poor prognosis in MM patients. It is thus urgent to develop strategies to restore the vulnerability of MM to BTZ. This study demonstrated, for the first time, that UbcH10 is highly expressed in BTZ-resistant myeloma cell lines U-266/BTZ, NCI-H929/BTZ and RPMI-8226/BTZ, which is attributed to the inactivation of post-transcriptional control. The in-depth study revealed that during the development of BTZ resistance in these cells, the hsa-miR-631 levels were decreased, which resulted in the increased expression of the target gene UbcH10. We also found that the multiple drug-resistant protein MDR1 exhibited a positive correlation with UbcH10 due to the reduced ubiquitination of MDR1, which was caused by high UbcH10 expression. Following overexpression of miR-631, both BTZ sensitivity and BTZ-induced apoptosis were enhanced in the resistant cells. Meanwhile, resensitization by miR-631 overexpression was blocked by exogenous expression of UbcH10, which was not regulated by intracellular miR-631. In conclusion, the miR-631/UbcH10/MDR1 pathway is closely associated with the development of BTZ resistance in myeloma cells, and the overexpression of miR-631 can significantly improve BTZ sensitivity in resistant myeloma cells.
28000887|a|Human potassium channel tetramerization domain containing  12 (KCTD12, also known as Pfetin) is a member of the KCTD family which consists of 26  members. It has been reported that KCTD12 regulates agonist potency and kinetics of GABAB receptor signaling. Proteomic analysis indicates that KCTD12 may be a potential biomarker for the diagnosis and prognosis of gastrointestinal stromal tumors. However, little has been reported concerning the role of KCTD12 in the other tumor types. In the present study, we designed and subcloned N-terminally Flag-tagged human KCTD12 into the pLVX  -Puro vector. We then generated a human uveal melanoma cell line (OCM-1) stably expressing KCTD12. Using this stable cell line, we performed a series of experiments including colony formation, invasion, migration and wound-healing assays, flow cytometry and western blotting. Based on the experimental results, we first demonstrated that KCTD12 effectively suppressed the proliferation of OCM-1 cells and limited the spread of OCM-1 cells. In the flow cytometric analysis, prolongation of the progression of G2/M to G1  phase in the KCTD12-overexpressing OCM-1 cells was observed. In addition, inhibition of KCTD12-overexpressing OCM-1 cell xenograft growth in nude mice was observed. Taken together, KCTD12 may serve as a novel therapeutic target for patients with uveal melanoma.
28000888|a|Bartter syndrome (BS) type 1 is an autosomal recessive kidney disorder caused by loss  -of  -function mutations in the solute carrier family 12 member 1 (SLC12A1) gene. To date, 72 BS type 1  patients harboring SLC12A1 mutations have been documented. Of these 144 alleles studied, 68 different disease  -causing mutations have been detected in 129 alleles, and no mutation was detected in the remaining 15 alleles. The mutation types included missense/nonsense mutations, splicing mutations and small insertions and deletions ranging from  1 to 4 nucleotides. A large deletion encompassing a whole exon in the SLC12A1 gene has not yet been reported. The current study initially identified an undocumented homozygous frameshift mutation (c.1833delT) by Sanger sequencing analysis of a single infant with BS type 1. However, in a subsequent analysis, the mutation was detected only in the father's DNA. Upon further investigation using a next  -generation sequencing approach, a deletion in exons  14 and 15 in both the patient and patient's mother was detected. The deletion was subsequently confirmed by use of a long  -range polymerase chain reaction and was determined to be 3.16  kb in size based on sequencing of the junction fragment. The results of the present study demonstrated that pathogenic variants of SLC12A1 are heterogeneous. Large deletions appear to serve an etiological role in BS type 1, and may be more prevalent than previously thought.
28000890|a|Osteosarcoma (OS) is a common primary malignancy in children and adolescents with relative high survival rate after chemotherapy. While the toxicity of chemotherapy and personalized different response to chemotherapy makes it difficult for the selection of therapeutics and improvement of diagnosis. In this study, we conducted a combined analysis of three types of microarray datasets (gene expression, microRNA (miRNA) expression and DNA methylation) from the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO). The differential expression genes (DEGs) and miRNAs (DEMI) were screened out via the limma package and differential methylation sites (DMS) were identified by the IMA package. Enriched functions of DEGs and genes contained DMS (DEMs) were obtained through the Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery (DAVID). Besides, miRNA-gene regulation network was obtained based on the pairs of involved DEMIs and overlapping genes between DEMs and DEGs and visualized through Cytoscape software. A total of 583 DEGs and 1051 DMS (corresponding to 827 DEMs) were identified and 56 overlaps were obtained. As expected, most of the expression and methylation profiles of the overlaps exhibited significant negative correlation. The DEGs were mainly enriched in the biological processes related to inflammatory/immune response, cell proliferation, while DEMs were involved in the regulation of gene expression, tissue/organ development. Based on the correlation and network analysis, some novel targets were identified for OS and many known biomarkers were proved in this study, which would be helpful in its early diagnosis and treatment.
28000891|a|Lung cancer is the most common cause of cancer  -associated mortality worldwide, and the number of cases is increasing annually. Several studies have shown that microRNAs (miRNAs) control proliferation, differentiation, and apoptosis in various cell types, and increasing evidence indicates the presence of aberrant miRNA expression profiles and unique miRNA signaling pathways in several types of cancer. The present study aimed to identify miRNAs, which correlated specifically with the progression of lung cancer through the analysis of 57,100 transcripts and 1,341 small RNA expression profiles in 26 lung adenocarcinoma cell lines using next  -generation sequencing. The most marked negative correlation was found between the expression of hsa  -miR  -26a  -1 and messenger RNA (mRNA), and a list of mRNAs, which exhibited negative correlation with hsa  -miR  -26a  -1 were investigated. The most marked negative correlation was observed between the expression levels of hsa  -miR  -26a  -1 and high mobility group  A1 (HMGA1). Using a lung adenocarcinoma cell line, the present study analyzed the effect of the overexpression of miR  -26a on the expression of HMGA1 and found that miR  -26a repressed the expression of HMGA1 by reducing the mRNA levels of HMGA1. Furthermore, it was demonstrated that the overexpression of miR  -26a in a lung adenocarcinoma cell line repressed cell migration, invasion and growth by targeting HMGA1. Taken together, the present study showed a significant negative correlation between the expression of miR  -26a and HMGA1 in 26  lung adenocarcinoma cell lines, and provided evidence that the suppression of miR  -26a supports the progression of cancer by stimulating the expression of HMGA1.
28000909|a|INTRODUCTION: Acute cerebellitis is one of the main causes of cerebellar syndrome in infancy. Among the wide range of manifestations, headache and ataxia being the most predominant, we can find other less frequent, although nonetheless interesting, ones, such as language disorders, which go beyond the well-known cerebellar dysarthria. The different combinations in which the symptoms can appear, especially when not accompanied by ataxia, make the condition a real challenge for the clinician. CASE REPORTS: Two patients, aged 2 and 4 years, with clinical features, lab tests and neuroimaging results consistent with parainfectious acute cerebellitis. Both of them also presented a striking language disorder, one in the form of cerebellar mutism and the other in the form of hypofluency and agrammatism, the latter also developing in the absence of ataxia. Both cases progressed favourably, and mild speech alterations persisted in the follow-up visits. CONCLUSIONS: Cases such as these expand the range of clinical manifestations of acute cerebellitis. The involvement of the cerebellum in neurocognitive processes like language is becoming increasingly more important and, although many aspects are still only speculations, managing to define its true role will have important repercussions on the diagnosis, treatment and long-term prognosis of these patients.
28000910|a|INTRODUCTION: A great deal of research has addressed problems in the correct acquisition of language, but with few overall conclusions. The reasons for this lie in the individual variability, the existence of different measures for assessing language and the fact that a complex network of genetic and environmental factors are involved in its development. AIM: To review the environmental and genetic variables that have been studied to date, in order to gain a better under-standing of the causes of specific language impairment and create new evidence that can help in the development of screening systems for the early detection of these disorders. DEVELOPMENT: The environmental variables related with poorer early child language development include male gender, low level of education of the mother, familial history of problems with language or psychiatric problems, perinatal problems and health problems in early childhood. Bilingualism seems to be a protective factor. Temperament and language are related. Within the genetic factors there are several specific genes associated with language, two of which have a greater influence on its physiological acquisition: FOXP2 and CNTNAP2. The other genes that are most related with specific language disorders are ATP2C2, CMIP, ROBO2, ZNF277 and NOP9. CONCLUSIONS: The key to comprehending the development of specific language disorders lies in reaching an understanding of the true role played by genes in the ontogenesis, in the regulation of the different developmental processes, and how this role is modulated by the environment.
28000912|a|
28000922|a|
28000923|a|UNASSIGNED: The immune system is an anticipatory mechanism designed by evolution to protect the individual against noxious agents and harmful cellular debris. In order to recognize substances that it has never encountered, the immune system somatically generates an appropriately sized random (with respect to self and nonself [NS]) recognitive repertoire that is coupled to a biodestructive and ridding output. Consequently, a Self-NS discrimination is required in order to avoid autoimmunity. This essay is an attempt to highlight the core principles upon which this anticipatory mechanism depends in order to function.
28000924|a|
28000925|a|PURPOSE: This concept analysis, written by the National Quality and Safety Education for Nurses (QSEN) RN-BSN Task Force, defines systems thinking in relation to healthcare delivery. METHODS: A review of the literature was conducted using five databases with the keywords "systems thinking" as well as "nursing education," "nursing curriculum," "online," "capstone," "practicum," "RN-BSN/RN to BSN," "healthcare organizations," "hospitals," and "clinical agencies." Only articles that focused on systems thinking in health care were used. The authors identified defining attributes, antecedents, consequences, and empirical referents of systems thinking. FINDINGS: Systems thinking was defined as a process applied to individuals, teams, and organizations to impact cause and effect where solutions to complex problems are accomplished through collaborative effort according to personal ability with respect to improving components and the greater whole. Four primary attributes characterized systems thinking: dynamic system, holistic perspective, pattern identification, and transformation. CONCLUSION: Using the platform provided in this concept analysis, interprofessional practice has the ability to embrace planned efforts to improve critically needed quality and safety initiatives across patients' lifespans and all healthcare settings.
28000946|a|UNASSIGNED: The enantiomeric separation of the enantiomers of three phenylpyrazole pesticides (fipronil, flufiprole, ethiprole) and two fipronil metabolites (amide-fipronil and acid-fipronil) were investigated by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) with a CHIRALPAK(  ) IB chiral column. The mobile phase was n-hexane or petroleum ether with 2-propanol or ethanol as modifier at a flow rate of 1.0  mL/min. The influences of mobile phase composition and column temperature between 15 and 35  C on the separations were studied. All the analytes except ethiprole obtained complete enantiomeric separation after chromatographic condition optimization. Fipronil, flufiprole, amide-fipronil, and acid-fipronil obtained complete separation with the best resolution factors of 2.40, 3.40, 1.67, and 16.82, respectively, but ethiprole showed no enantioselectivity under the optimized conditions. In general, n-hexane with 2-propanol gave better separations in most cases. The results showed decreasing temperature and content of modifier in the mobile phase resulted in better separation and longer analysis time as well. The thermodynamic parameters calculated according to linear the Van't Hoff equation indicated the chiral separations in the study were enthalpy-driven. Fipronil and its two chiral hydrolyzed metabolites obtained baseline separation simultaneously under optimized conditions.
28000947|a|UNASSIGNED: This study was conducted to investigate the mechanism of lead (Pb)-induced testicular toxicity. We examined the impact of Pb toxicity on 17b-oestradiol (E2), oestrogen receptors (ERs) and aromatase P450 which are key factors in spermatogenesis. Treatment of rats with Pb acetate (PbAc, 50  mg/L in drinking water) significantly reduced sperm count, motility, viability and increased sperm abnormalities along with degenerative changes in seminiferous tubules and Leydig cells. Additionally, administration of PbAc resulted in a significant reduction in serum testosterone, serum and testicular E2 as well as increased level of testicular testosterone. Pb also induced testicular oxidative stress as evidenced by a significant decrease in the activities of superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase and catalase antioxidant enzymes, and increased malondialdehyde level in the testis. At the molecular level, Pb treatment downregulated the mRNA expression of P450 arom (Cyp19) and ERa. In conclusion, Pb induces testicular oxidative damage and disrupts spermatogenesis, at least in part, via downregulation of Cyp19 and ERa expression, which further decrease E2 level. These data, therefore, provide insight into the mechanism of lead-induced testicular toxicity.
28000948|a|UNASSIGNED: To obtain clues to the link between the molecular mechanism of circadian and photoperiod clocks, we cloned two circadian clock genes, period (per) and timeless (tim) from the moth Sesamia nonagrioides, which undergoes facultative diapause controlled by photoperiod. Sequence analysis revealed a high degree of conservation among the compared insects f  r both genes. We also investigated the expression patterns of per and tim in brains of larvae growing under 16L:8D (long days), constant darkness (DD) and 10L:14D (short days) conditions by qPCR assays. The results showed that mRNA accumulations encoding both genes exhibited diel oscillations under different photoperiods. The oscillation of per and tim mRNA, under short-day photoperiod differed from long-day. The difference between long-day and short-day conditions in the pattern of mRNA levels of per and tim appears to distinguish photoperiodic conditions clearly and both genes were influenced by photoperiod in different ways. We infer that not all photoperiodic clocks of insects interact with circadian clocks in the same fashion. Our results suggest that transcriptional regulations of the both clock genes act in the diapause programing in S. nonagrioides. The expression patterns of these genes are affected by photoperiod but runs with 24 h by entrainment to daily environmental cues.
28000949|a|BACKGROUND: Eosinophils contribute to the pathogenesis of multiple diseases, including asthma. Treatment with antibodies targeting IL-5 or IL-5 receptor a reduces the frequency of asthma exacerbations. Eosinophil receptors for IL-5 share a common   -chain with IL-3 and GM-CSF receptors. We recently reported that IL-3 is more potent than IL-5 or GM-CSF in maintaining the ERK/p90S6K/RPS6 ribosome-directed signaling pathway, leading to increased protein translation. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine disease-relevant consequences of prolonged eosinophil stimulation with IL-3. RESULTS: Human blood eosinophils were used to establish the impact of activation with IL-3 on IgG-driven eosinophil degranulation. When compared to IL-5, continuing exposure to IL-3 further induced degranulation of eosinophils on aggregated IgG via increased production and activation of both CD32 (low affinity IgG receptor) and aM  2 integrin. In addition, unlike IL-5 or GM-CSF, IL-3 induced expression of CD32B/C (FCGRIIB/C) subtype proteins, without changing CD32A (FCGRIIA) protein and CD32B/C mRNA expression levels. Importantly, these in vitro IL-3-induced modifications were recapitulated in vivo on airway eosinophils. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: We observed for the first time upregulation of CD32B/C on eosinophils, and identified IL-3 as a potent inducer of CD32- and aM  2-mediated eosinophil degranulation.
28000954|a|UNASSIGNED: Six experiments investigated variables predicted to influence subjects' tendency to classify items by a single property (rule-based responding) instead of overall similarity, following the paradigm of Norenzayan et  al. (, Cognitive Science), who found that European Americans tended to give more "logical" rule-based responses. However, in five experiments with Mechanical Turk subjects and undergraduates at an American university, we found a consistent preference for similarity-based responding. A sixth experiment with Korean undergraduates revealed an effect of instructions, also reported by Norenzayan et  al., in which classification instructions led to majority rule-based responding but similarity instructions led to overall similarity grouping. Our American subjects showed no such difference and used similarity more overall. We conclude that Americans do not have a preference for rule responding in classification and discuss the differences between tasks that reliably show strong rule or unidimensional preferences (category construction and category learning) in contrast to this classification paradigm.
28000960|a|UNASSIGNED: Genetic skeletal disorders (GSDs) are a heterogeneous group characterized by an intrinsic abnormality in growth and (re-)modeling of cartilage and bone. A large subgroup of GSDs has additional involvement of other structures/organs beside the skeleton, such as the central nervous system (CNS). CNS abnormalities have an important role in long-term prognosis of children with GSDs and should consequently not be missed. Sensitive and specific identification of CNS lesions while evaluating a child with a GSD requires a detailed knowledge of the possible associated CNS abnormalities. Here, we provide a pattern-recognition approach for neuroimaging findings in GSDs guided by the obvious skeletal manifestations of GSD. In particular, we summarize which CNS findings should be ruled out with each GSD. The diseases (n = 180) are classified based on the skeletal involvement (1. abnormal metaphysis or epiphysis, 2. abnormal size/number of bones, 3. abnormal shape of bones and joints, and 4. abnormal dynamic or structural changes). For each disease, skeletal involvement was defined in accordance with Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man. Morphological CNS involvement has been described based on extensive literature search. Selected examples will be shown based on prevalence of the diseases and significance of the CNS involvement. CNS involvement is common in GSDs. A wide spectrum of morphological abnormalities is associated with GSDs. Early diagnosis of CNS involvement is important in the management of children with GSDs. This pattern-recognition approach aims to assist and guide physicians in the diagnostic work-up of CNS involvement in children with GSDs and their management.
28000971|a|BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Ultrasound contrast agents (UCAs) are routinely used to improve the visualization of intracranial arteries. Since a higher rate of intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) has been observed in patients undergoing sonothrombolysis in combination with UCAs, we conducted this study with the aim of assessing safety and tolerability of SonoVue   in patients with acute ischemic stroke due to anterior circulation large artery occlusion (LAO) and eligible to intravenous thrombolysis and/or mechanical thrombectomy. METHODS: Among 474 patients consecutively admitted to our Stroke Unit with anterior circulation ischemic stroke, SonoVue   was administered during transcranial ultrasound evaluation to 48 patients with suspected LAO for diagnostic confirmation (group I) and to 44 patients with inadequate temporal bone window. Forty-eight stroke patients with LAO diagnosed only by computed tomography (CT) angiography /magnetic resonance (MR) angiography and matched for age, gender, and National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score with group I represented the control group (group II). Thrombolysis, thrombectomy, or combined treatment were offered to all eligible patients. Brain MR imaging/CT was performed in both groups in case of neurological deterioration or after 1 week to check for ICH. RESULTS: SonoVue   did not cause any serious adverse event; only mild and transient side effects were reported in six cases (6.5%). Among patients in groups I and II, there were 31 (32.3%) secondary cerebral bleedings with no statistically significant difference between the groups, but only 2 (2.1%) were symptomatic. CONCLUSIONS: According to our study, SonoVue   can be safely administered to acute ischemic stroke patients with suspected anterior circulation LAO and/or inadequate temporal bone window.
28000976|a|UNASSIGNED: An efficient synthesis of biaryls through a gold-catalyzed oxidative cross-coupling of arenes with strong electron-deprived aryl boronates is presented herein. Regio- and chemocontrol are achieved by the selective activation of these coupling partners by gold at different oxidation states. Under reaction conditions devoid of basic additives or directing groups, the role of acetato ligand as an internal base has been revealed as a key parameter for expanding the reaction scope in these transformations.
28000977|a|Chronic exposure to arsenic is associated with dermatological and nondermatological disorders. Consumption of arsenic-contaminated drinking water results in accumulation of arsenic in liver, spleen, kidneys, lungs, and gastrointestinal tract. Although arsenic is cleared from these sites, a substantial amount of residual arsenic is left in keratin-rich tissues including skin. Epidemiological studies suggest the association of skin cancer upon arsenic exposure, however, the mechanism of arsenic-induced carcinogenesis is not completely understood. We developed a cell line based model to understand the molecular mechanisms involved in arsenic-mediated toxicity and carcinogenicity. Human skin keratinocyte cell line, HaCaT, was chronically exposed to 100 nM sodium arsenite over a period of 6 months. We observed an increase in basal ROS levels in arsenic-exposed cells. SILAC-based quantitative proteomics approach resulted in identification of 2111 proteins of which 42 proteins were found to be overexpressed and 54 downregulated (twofold) upon chronic arsenic exposure. Our analysis revealed arsenic-induced overexpression of aldo-keto reductase family 1 member C2 (AKR1C2), aldo-keto reductase family 1 member C3 (AKR1C3), glutamate-cysteine ligase catalytic subunit (GCLC), and NAD(P)H dehydrogenase [quinone] 1 (NQO1) among others. We observed downregulation of several members of the plakin family including periplakin (PPL), envoplakin (EVPL), and involucrin (IVL) that are essential for terminal differentiation of keratinocytes. MRM and Western blot analysis confirmed differential expression of several candidate proteins. Our study provides insights into molecular alterations upon chronic arsenic exposure on skin.
28000978|a|UNASSIGNED: Enzyme cofactors play a major role in biocatalysis, as many enzymes require them to catalyze highly valuable reactions in organic synthesis. However, the cofactor recycling is often a hurdle to implement enzymes at the industrial level. The fabrication of heterogeneous biocatalysts co-immobilizing phosphorylated cofactors (PLP, FAD(+) , and NAD(+) ) and enzymes onto the same solid material is reported to perform chemical reactions without exogeneous addition of cofactors in aqueous media. In these self-sufficient heterogeneous biocatalysts, the immobilized enzymes are catalytically active and the immobilized cofactors catalytically available and retained into the solid phase for several reaction cycles. Finally, we have applied a NAD(+) -dependent heterogeneous biocatalyst to continuous flow asymmetric reduction of prochiral ketones, thus demonstrating the robustness of this approach for large scale biotransformations.
28000989|a|
28000991|a|
28000992|a|
28000994|a|UNASSIGNED: In reactions restricted previously to a ruthenium catalyst, a 1-lithium-2-alkyl-1,2-dihydropyridine complex is shown to be a competitive alternative dehydrogenation catalyst for the transformation of diamine boranes into cyclic 1,3,2-diazaborolidines, which can in turn be smoothly arylated in good yields. This study established the conditions and solvent dependence of the catalysis through NMR monitoring, with mechanistic insight provided by NMR (including DOSY) experiments and X-ray crystallographic studies of several model lithio intermediates.
28001000|a|BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Both patients with cardiac diseases as well as those with COPD report an impaired health status. The frequencies of objectively assessed co-morbid cardiac diseases and their impact on health status in patients with COPD are unknown. We aimed to investigate echocardiographic abnormalities and their impact on health status in a large cohort of patients with COPD referred for pulmonary rehabilitation (PR). METHODS: In this cross-sectional, observational analyses, demographic and clinical characteristics were assessed during an inpatient pre-PR assessment. All patients underwent Doppler echocardiographic evaluation. Health status was assessed using the COPD Assessment Test (CAT), Clinical COPD Questionnaire (CCQ) and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ). RESULTS: A total of 514 patients (55.3% males, age: 64.1 (9.1) years, forced expiratory volume in 1   s (FEV<sub>1</sub> ): 48.6 (20.0) % predicted) were included for analyses. Two hundred and seventy-six patients (53.7%) were diagnosed with one or more echocardiographic abnormalities. Most prevalent were left ventricular (LV) hypertrophy (LVH, 31.0%), increased right ventricular systolic pressure (RVSP, 20.4%) and impaired LV ejection fraction (LVEF, 16.5%). Of the 276 patients, 176 (63.8%) with echocardiographic abnormalities did not have these recorded in their medical history. Patients with echocardiographic abnormalities reported a worse health status as assessed with the SGRQ total score (62.5 (17.1) vs 59.3 (17.6) points, P   =   0.044). CCQ and CAT did not differ between groups. CONCLUSION: More than half of the patients referred to PR had echocardiographic abnormalities of which two-third did not have them recorded in their medical history. We detected a limited impact of echocardiographic abnormalities on health status.
28001001|a|UNASSIGNED: Carbon capture and storage is an important strategy for stabilizing the increasing concentration of atmospheric CO2 and the global temperature. A possible approach toward reversing this trend and decreasing the atmospheric CO2 concentration is to remove the CO2 directly from air (direct air capture). Herein we report a simple aqueous guanidine sorbent that captures CO2 from ambient air and binds it as a crystalline carbonate salt by guanidinium hydrogen bonding. The resulting solid has very low aqueous solubility (Ksp =1.0(4)*10(-8) ), which facilitates its separation from solution by filtration. The bound CO2 can be released by relatively mild heating of the crystals at 80-120     C, which regenerates the guanidine sorbent quantitatively. Thus, this crystallization-based approach to CO2 separation from air requires minimal energy and chemical input, and offers the prospect for low-cost direct air capture technologies.
28001016|a|AIM: To evaluate the effect of dapagliflozin on metabolic syndrome (MetS), insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion. METHODS: A randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was carried out in 24 patients with MetS. Glucose and insulin levels were measured every 30 min for 2-h after a 75-g dextrose load. Metabolic profile was also evaluated before and after the pharmacological intervention. Twelve patients received dapagliflozin (10 mg) before breakfast for 90 days. The remaining 12 patients received placebo. Area under the curve (AUC) of glucose and insulin, total insulin secretion, first-phase of insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity were calculated. Data were tested using the Wilcoxon signed-rank, Mann-Whitney U and chi-square tests. The Ethics Committee approved the study protocol. RESULTS: After dapagliflozin, there were significant decreases in body weight (82.8    12.9 vs. 81.2    12.9 kg, p <0.001), BMI (33.4    3.6 vs. 32.7    3.7 kg/m2, p <0.001), waist circumference (102    10 vs. 98    9 cm, p<0.001), total cholesterol (5.4    0.7 vs. 5.2    0.7 mmol/L, p = 0.049), triglycerides (2.7    1.4 vs. 1.7    0.8 mmol/L, p = 0.003), AUC of insulin (103,914    55,170 vs. 45,018    22,146 pmol/L, p <0.001) and total insulin secretion (0.84    0.64 vs. 0.35    0.11, p <0.001). Seven patients (58.3%) in the dapagliflozin group showed remission of MetS (p = 0.027). CONCLUSIONS: Dapagliflozin decreased body weight, BMI, waist circumference, total cholesterol, triglycerides, AUC of insulin and total insulin secretion, with a remission of MetS in 58.3%.
28001017|a|BACKGROUND: Recent studies showed association between hyperaldosteronism and low bone density among patients with primary aldosteronism (PA) due to secondary hyperparathyroidism. Our objective is to assess bone turnover markers (BTM) and bone mineral density (BMD) of PA patients compared to essential hypertension. METHODS: This was an open-label, prospective, case-controlled study, conducted over 12 months. Fifty-two consecutive patients referred for secondary hypertension were screened. Eighteen with confirmed PA based on Endocrine Society clinical guideline and seventeen matched controls with essential hypertension were recruited. BTM (CTX and P1NP), BMD, intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH), and bone profile were assessed at baseline and three months following treatment among the PA patients. Calcium intake was assessed using a validated questionnaire. Primary outcomes were the changes of bone markers and BMD following treatment of PA, and their relation to other parameters. RESULTS: PA patients had significantly lower serum calcium and higher iPTH despite comparable Vitamin D levels with control group. Both BTM were significantly higher among the PA group. BMD of lumbar spine, neck of femur and distal radius did not differ between groups. Three months following treatment, there were significant i) reduction in BTM, ii) improvement in the lumbar spine BMD, iii) reduction in iPTH level and iv) increment of serum 25-OH Vitamin D level. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings support that bone loss and potential fracture risk among PA patients are likely a result of aldosterone-mediated secondary hyperparathyroidism. Patients with early PA may already exhibit increased bone turnover despite no significant changes in BMD.
28001018|a|The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is amending its medical regulations to permit full practice authority of three roles of VA advanced practice registered nurses (APRN) when they are acting within the scope of their VA employment. Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists (CRNA) will not be included in VA's full practice authority under this final rule, but comment is requested on whether there are access issues or other unconsidered circumstances that might warrant their inclusion in a future rulemaking. The final rulemaking establishes the professional qualifications an individual must possess to be appointed as an APRN within VA, establishes the criteria under which VA may grant full practice authority to an APRN, and defines the scope of full practice authority for each of the three roles of APRN. The services provided by an APRN under full practice authority in VA are consistent with the nursing profession's standards of practice for such roles. This rulemaking increases veterans' access to VA health care by expanding the pool of qualified health care professionals who are authorized to provide primary health care and other related health care services to the full extent of their education, training, and certification, without the clinical supervision of physicians, and it permits VA to use its health care resources more effectively and in a manner that is consistent with the role of APRNs in the non-VA health care sector, while maintaining the patient-centered, safe, high-quality health care that veterans receive from VA.
28001019|a|This interim final rule with comment period implements new requirements for Medicare-certified dialysis facilities that make payments of premiums for individual market health plans. These requirements apply to dialysis facilities that make such payments directly, through a parent organization, or through a third party. These requirements are intended to protect patient health and safety; improve patient disclosure and transparency; ensure that health insurance coverage decisions are not inappropriately influenced by the financial interests of dialysis facilities rather than the health and financial interests of patients; and protect patients from mid-year interruptions in coverage.
28001024|a|Recent data have shown that the host-intestinal microbiota interaction is intrinsically linked with overall health. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) could influence intestinal microbiota and gut dysbiosis is also considered as a cause of progression of kidney disease. An increasing body of evidence indicates that dysbiosis is a key contributor of uremic retention solutes (URS) accumulating in patients with CKD. The discovery of the kidney-gut axis has created new therapeutic opportunities for nutritional intervention in order to prevent adverse outcomes. One of these strategies is prebiotics, which refers to nondigestible food ingredients or substances that beneficial affect growth and/or activity of limited health-promoting bacteria in the gastrointestinal tract. The influence of prebiotics on the production and concentration of URS have been investigated in various animal and human CKD studies. However, to date, there is still paucity of high-quality intervention trials. Randomized controlled trials and adequately powered intervention studies are needed before recommending prebiotics in clinical practice. This review will outline the interconnection between CKD progression, dysbiosis and URS production and will discuss mechanisms of action and efficacy of prebiotics as a new CKD management tool, with a particular emphasis on URS generation.
28001029|a|UNASSIGNED: We demonstrated the usefulness of Cu light-harvesting plasmonic nanoantennae for the development of inexpensive and efficient artificial organic photoelectric conversion systems. The systems consisted of the stacked structures of layers of porphyrin as a dye molecule, oxidation-suppressing layers, and plasmonic Cu arrayed electrodes. To accurately evaluate the effect of Cu nanoantenna on the porphyrin photocurrent, the production of Cu2O by the spontaneous oxidation of the electrode surfaces, which can act as a photoexcited species under visible light irradiation, was effectively suppressed by inserting the ultrathin linking layers consisting of 16-mercaptohexadecanoic acid, titanium oxide, and poly(vinyl alcohol) between the electrode surface and porphyrin molecules. The reflection spectra in an aqueous environment of the arrayed electrodes, which were prepared by thermally depositing Cu on two-dimensional colloidal crystals of silica with diameters of 160, 260, and 330 nm, showed clear reflection dips at 596, 703, and 762 nm, respectively, which are attributed to the excitation of localized surface plasmon resonance (LSPR). While the first dip lies within the wavelengths where the imaginary part of the Cu dielectric function is moderately large, the latter two dips lie within a region of a quite small imaginary part. Consequently, the LSPR excited at the red region provided a particularly large enhancement of porphyrin photocurrent at the Q-band (ca. 59-fold), compared to that on a Cu planar electrode. These results strongly suggest that the plasmonic Cu nanoantennae contribute to the substantial improvement of photoelectric conversion efficiency at the wavelengths, where the imaginary part of the dielectric function is small.
28001034|a|UNASSIGNED: Efficient photoelectrochemical water oxidation may open a way to produce energy from renewable solar power. In biology, generation of fuel due to water oxidation happens efficiently on an immense scale during the light reactions of photosynthesis. To oxidize water, photosynthetic organisms have evolved a highly conserved protein complex, Photosystem II. Within that complex, water oxidation happens at the CaMn4O5 inorganic catalytic cluster, the so-called oxygen-evolving complex (OEC), which cycles through storage "S" states as it accumulates oxidizing equivalents and produces molecular oxygen. In recent years, there has been significant progress in understanding the OEC as it evolves through the catalytic cycle. Studies have combined conventional and femtosecond X-ray crystallography with extended X-ray absorption fine structure (EXAFS) and quantum mechanics/molecular mechanics (QM/MM) methods and have addressed changes in protonation states of  -oxo bridges and the coordination of substrate water through the analysis of ammonia binding as a chemical analog of water. These advances are thought to be critical to understanding the catalytic cycle since protonation states regulate the relative stability of different redox states and the geometry of the OEC. Therefore, establishing the mechanism for substrate water binding and the nature of protonation/redox state transitions in the OEC is essential for understanding the catalytic cycle of O2 evolution. The structure of the dark-stable S1 state has been a target for X-ray crystallography for the past 15 years. However, traditional X-ray crystallography has been hampered by radiation-induced reduction of the OEC. Very recently, a revolutionary X-ray free electron laser (XFEL) technique was applied to PSII to reveal atomic positions at 1.95    without radiation damage, which brought us closer than ever to establishing the ultimate structure of the OEC in the S1 state. However, the atom positions in this crystal structure are still not consistent with high-resolution EXAFS spectroscopy, partially due to the poorly resolved oxygen positions next to Mn centers and partial reduction due to extended dark adaptation of the sample. These inconsistencies led to the new models of the OEC with an alternative low oxidation state and raised questions on the protonation state of the cluster, especially the O5  -oxo bridge. This Account summarizes the most recent models of the OEC that emerged from QM/MM, EXAFS and femtosecond X-ray crystallography methods. When PSII in the S1 state is exposed to light, the S1 state is advanced to the higher oxidation states and eventually binds substrate water molecules. Identifying the substrate waters is of paramount importance for establishing the water-oxidation mechanism but is complicated by a large number of spectroscopically similar waters. Water analogues can, therefore, be helpful because they serve as spectroscopic markers that help to track the motion of the substrate waters. Due to a close structural and electronic similarity to water, ammonia has been of particular interest. We review three competing hypotheses on substrate water/ammonia binding and compile theoretical and experimental evidence to support them. Binding of ammonia as a sixth ligand to Mn4 during the S1  >  S2 transition seems to satisfy most of the criteria, especially the most compelling recent EPR data on D1-D61A mutated PSII. Such a binding mode suggests delivery of water from the "narrow" channel through a "carousel" rearrangement of waters around Mn4 upon the S2  >  S3 transition. An alternative hypothesis suggests water delivery through the "large" channel on the Ca side. However, both water delivery paths lead to a similar S3 structure, seemingly reaching consensus on the nature of the last detectable S-state intermediate in the Kok cycle before O2 evolution.
28001035|a|All brain regions contain fibers that store and release 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT, serotonin). Since these fibers often do not have well-defined trajectories, most studies have focused on their overall densities, a measure that can be associated with local 5-HT tone in heathy and diseased brains. However, the observed fiber densities are the consequence of the behavior of single fibers. Evidence is presented as to why understanding single-fiber trajectories is important for basic and clinical neuroscience. In particular, serotonergic fibers can be viewed as natural, readily detectable stochastic probes that sample the invisible microarchitecture of brain tissue.
28001036|a|PEDOT: PSS (poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene):poly(styrenesulfonate)) is widely used as the hole-transporting layer for fabrication of new-generation solar cells. Herein, we utilize water-containing methanol to post-treat the PEDOT:PSS surface, by which the insulating PSS component is partially washed out with the PEDOT-to-PSS weight ratio increasing from 1:6.79 to 1:2.93. As a result, the surface becomes more covered with the electrically conductive PEDOT nanodomains, and again the mean current of the conductive nanodomains increases slightly from 6.68 to 7.28 pA, as demonstrated with conductive atomic force microscopy images. The electrical conductivity of the bulk PEDOT:PSS layer increases from 5.51 * 10(-4) to 4.04 * 10(-2) S/cm. The improvement in the surface conductivity allows for more efficient collection of mobile holes with a bit higher value of the hole mobility (5.56 vs 6.78 * 10(-4) cm(2) V(-1) s(-1)). The solution-processed single-junction polymer solar cell fabricated on the treated PEDOT:PSS surface shows a higher mean short-circuit current-density (14.46 vs 16.48 mA cm(-2)) and, hence, a higher mean power conversion efficiency (8.23% vs 9.28%) than that on the untreated surface, as calculated from over 200 cells.
28001037|a|UNASSIGNED: Holographic photopolymer composites have garnered a great deal of interest in recent decades, not only because of their advantageous light sensitivity but also due to their attractive capabilities of realizing high capacity three-dimensional (3D) data storage that is long-term stable within two-dimensional (2D) thin films. For achieving high performance holographic photopolymer composites, it is of critical importance to implement precisely spatiotemporal control over the photopolymerization kinetics and gelation during holographic recording. Though a monochromatic blue light photoinitibitor has been demonstrated to be useful for improving the holographic performance, it is impractical to be employed for constructing holograms under green light due to the severe restriction of the First Law of Photochemistry, while holography under green light is highly desirable considering the relatively low cost of laser source and high tolerance to ambient vibration for image reconstruction. Herein, we disclose the concurrent photoinitiation and inhibition functions of the rose bengal (RB)/N-phenylglycine (NPG) system upon green light illumination, which result in significant enhancement of the diffraction efficiency of holographic polymer-dispersed liquid crystal (HPDLC) gratings from zero up to 87.6    1.3%, with an augmentation of the RB concentration from 0.06 * 10(-3) to 9.41 * 10(-3) mol L(-1). Interestingly, no detectable variation of the   (1/2)kp/kt(1/2), which reflects the initiation efficiency and kinetic constants, is given when increasing the RB concentration. The radical inhibition by RBH(   ) is believed to account for the greatly improved phase separation and enhanced diffraction efficiency, through shortening the weight-average polymer chain length and subsequently delaying the photopolymerization gelation. The reconstructed colored 3D images that are easily identifiable to the naked eye under white light demonstrate great potential to be applied for advanced anticounterfeiting.
28001043|a|The dopamine D2 receptor (D2R) plays an important part in the human central nervous system and it is considered to be a focal target of antipsychotic agents. It is structurally modeled in active and inactive states, in which homodimerization reaction of the D2R monomers is also applied. The ASP2314 (also known as ACR16) ligand, a D2R stabilizer, is used in tests to evaluate how dimerization and conformational changes may alter the ligand binding space and to provide information on alterations in inhibitory mechanisms upon activation. The administration of the D2R agonist ligand ACR16 [(3)H](+)-4-propyl-3,4,4a,5,6,10b-hexahydro-2H-naphtho[1,2-b][1,4]oxazin-9-ol ((+)PHNO) revealed Ki values of 32 nM for the D2(high)R and 52  M for the D2(low)R. The calculated binding affinities of ACR16 with post processing molecular dynamics (MD) simulations analyses using MM/PBSA for the monomeric and homodimeric forms of the D2(high)R were -9.46 and -8.39 kcal/mol, respectively. The data suggests that the dimerization of the D2R leads negative cooperativity for ACR16 binding. The dimerization reaction of the D2(high)R is energetically favorable by -22.95 kcal/mol. The dimerization reaction structurally and thermodynamically stabilizes the D2(high)R conformation, which may be due to the intermolecular forces formed between the TM4 of each monomer, and the result strongly demonstrates dimerization essential for activation of the D2R.
28001044|a|UNASSIGNED: The application of nanosized inorganic UV filters in cosmetic field is limited by their high photocatalytic properties that could induce the degradation or dangerous transformation of the organic molecules in sunscreen formulations. To overcome this problem and simultaneously enlarge the window of filter's absorption, we propose the growth of bismuth titanates BixTiyOz into mesoporous silica nanoparticles (MSN). We investigated the chemical-physical properties by means of XRPD, TEM, UV-vis spectroscopy, N2 physisorption, XPS, and SF-ICP-MS analysis, while the influence on the environment was evaluated through photocatalytic tests. The growing process of this new nanosystem is discussed underlining the key role of the Bi(3+) ion that, acting as a low-melting point agent for the silica framework, led to a self-sealing mechanism. The excellent UV shielding properties combined with a radical suppression of the photocatalytic activity make the proposed nanosystem a perfect candidate for the development of the next generation nanomaterials for sunscreen formulations.
28001047|a|
28001049|a|
28001052|a|UNASSIGNED: Systemic neonicotinoid insecticides are increasingly used as a crop protection measure to suppress insect pests on trees. However, senescent foliage falling from treated trees represents a rarely studied pathway through which neonicotinoids may enter nontarget environments, e.g., surface waters. To estimate risk posed by this pathway, neonicotinoid residues were analyzed in foliage from black alder trees treated with one of three neonicotinoid insecticides (imidacloprid, thiacloprid, or acetamiprid) at five concentrations, each ranging from 0.0375-9.6 g active ingredient/cm trunk diameter at breast height (n = 3). Foliar residues measured at the time of leaf fall were used as input parameters for a model predicting imidacloprid water concentrations over a 100-m-long stream stretch as a consequence of remobilization from introduced foliage (input: 600 g foliage/m(2) containing 80  g imidacloprid/g). The water concentration (up to    250 ng/L) predicted by the model exceeded the recently proposed Maximum Permissible Concentration of 8.3 ng/L for    6.5 days. Moreover, dietary uptake was identified as an additional exposure route for aquatic organisms. The alternative pathway (i.e., introduction via leaf fall) and exposure route (i.e., dietary uptake) associated with the systemic nature of neonicotinoids should be accounted for during their registration process in order to safeguard ecosystem integrity.
28001067|a|Thirteen new metabolites, including the polyoxygenated cyclohexene derivatives cleistodiendiol (1), cleistodienol B (3), cleistenechlorohydrins A (4) and B (5), cleistenediols A-F (6-11), cleistenonal (12), and the butenolide cleistanolate (13), 2,5-dihydroxybenzyl benzoate (cleistophenolide, 14), and eight known compounds (2, 15-21) were isolated from a MeOH extract of the leaves of Cleistochlamys kirkii. The purified metabolites were identified by NMR spectroscopic and mass spectrometric analyses, whereas the absolute configurations of compounds 1, 17, and 19 were established by single-crystal X-ray diffraction. The configuration of the exocyclic double bond of compound 2 was revised based on comparison of its NMR spectroscopic features and optical rotation to those of 1, for which the configuration was determined by X-ray diffraction. Observation of the co-occurrence of cyclohexenoids and heptenolides in C.  kirkii is of biogenetic and chemotaxonomic significance. Some of the isolated compounds showed activity against Plasmodium falciparum (3D7, Dd2), with IC50 values of 0.2-40  M, and against HEK293 mammalian cells (IC50 2.7-3.6  M). While the crude extract was inactive at 100  g/mL against the MDA-MB-231 triple-negative breast cancer cell line, some of its isolated constituents demonstrated cytotoxic activity with IC50 values ranging from 0.03-8.2  M. Compound 1 showed the most potent antiplasmodial (IC50 0.2  M) and cytotoxic (IC50 0.03  M, MDA-MB-231 cell line) activities. None of the compounds investigated exhibited translational inhibitory activity in vitro at 20  M.
28001068|a|A general survey of excited-state intramolecular proton transfer (ESIPT) processes was made from the viewpoint of global aromaticity. For most ESIPT processes studied, a tautomeric product in the first excited electronic state was found to have a larger topological resonance energy (TRE) than the reactant in the same excited state. Conversely, if a transient tautomer is much less aromatic in the excited state than the reactant, an appreciable aromaticity-imposed energy barrier to the reaction will result. Thus, excited-state aromaticity is a very important factor, although not a definitive one, in determining the allowedness of ESIPT.
28001069|a|The dynamic instability of the microtubule originates from the conformational switching of its building block, that is, the a, b-tubulin dimer. Ligands occupying the interface of the a-b dimer bias the switch toward the disintegration of the microtubule, which in turn controls the cell division. A little loop of tubulin is structurally encoded as a biophysical "gear" that works by changing its structural packing. The consequence of such change propagates to the quaternary level to alter the global dynamics and is reflected as a swapping between the relative contributions of dominating internal modes. Simulation shows that there is an appreciable separation between the conformational space accessed by the liganded and unliganded systems; the clusters of conformations differ in their intrinsic tendencies to "bend" and "twist". The correlation between the altered breathing modes and conformational space rationally hypothesizes a mechanism of straight-bent interconversion of the system. In this mechanism, a ligand is understood to bias the state of the "gear" that detours the conformational equilibrium away from its native preference. Thus, a fundamental biophysical insight into the mechanism of the conformational switching of tubulin is presented as a multiscale process that also shows promise to yield newer concept of ligand design.
28001070|a|4'-N,N-Diethylamino-3-hydroxyflavone (DEAHF) exhibits dual fluorescence in most solvents as a result of a rapid excited-state intramolecular proton transfer reaction. The high sensitivity of its dual emission to solvent polarity and hydrogen bonding make DEAHF of interest as a ratiometric fluorescence sensor. In addition, prior work has suggested that the rate of this proton transfer should depend on solvent relaxation in an unusual manner. It has been proposed that rapid solvation of the initially excited reactant should retard reaction. The present work tests this idea by using femtosecond Kerr-gated emission spectroscopy to measure the reaction kinetics of DEAHF in mixtures of propylene carbonate (PC) + acetonitrile (ACN). This mixture was chosen to maintain constant solvent polarity and thereby constant reaction energies while varying solvation times    10-fold with composition. The reaction kinetics observed in these mixtures are multiexponential, consisting of resolvable components of    2 and    30 ps and a small fraction of reaction faster than detectable by the 400 fs resolution of the experiment. Average reaction times increase by approximately a factor of 2 as a function of ACN mole fraction, primarily as a result of changes to the slower kinetic component. This trend is opposite to the composition dependence of solvation times, thereby supporting the unusual role of polar solvation dynamics in this proton transfer. In n-alkane solvents, where electrostatic coupling is minimized, frictional properties of the solvent do not influence reaction rates.
28001088|a|AIM: The optimal treatment for elderly glioblastoma patients is unclear. We conducted a retrospective review of the California Cancer Registry to examine treatment patterns and survival by age. METHODS: We identified 2670 adult patients from the California Cancer Registry with glioblastoma. We compared the extent of resection, treatment type and modality. RESULTS: Elderly patients had the greatest overall survival (OS) with combined surgery, radiation and chemotherapy. However, they were more likely to undergo biopsy and less likely to receive combined radiation and chemotherapy than patients <70. CONCLUSION: OS was maximized in elderly patients who were able to get some surgical resection and undergo combined radiation and chemotherapy. OS survival in some elderly patients may be improved by more extensive therapy.
28001092|a|Familial Mediterranean fever (FMF) can be classified into typical and incomplete/atypical types. Periodic fever, aphthous stomatitis, pharyngitis, cervical adenitis (PFAPA) syndrome-like symptoms have been found in atypical type carrying P369S-R408Q mutations in the responsible gene MEFV. A 28-year-old female with recurrent fever and her young sisters and mother, all of whom had tonsillectomy for tonsillitis, carried heterozygous alterations involving E148Q/P369S/R408Q. A diagnosis of atypical FMF, MEFV exon3 variants with PFAPA syndrome-like symptoms, was made.
28001093|a|UNASSIGNED: The nonprotein amino acid y-aminobutyric acid (GABA) is the most abundant amino acid in the tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) leaf apoplast and is synthesized by Arabidopsis thaliana in response to infection by the bacterial pathogen Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000 (hereafter called DC3000). High levels of exogenous GABA have previously been shown to repress the expression of the type III secretion system (T3SS) in DC3000, resulting in reduced elicitation of the hypersensitive response (HR) in the nonhost plant tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum). This study demonstrates that the GABA permease GabP provides the primary mechanism for GABA uptake by DC3000 and that the gabP deletion mutant   gabP is insensitive to GABA-mediated repression of T3SS expression.   gabP displayed an enhanced ability to elicit the HR in young tobacco leaves and in tobacco plants engineered to produce increased levels of GABA, which supports the hypothesis that GABA uptake via GabP acts to regulate T3SS expression in planta. The observation that P. syringae can be rendered insensitive to GABA through loss of gabP but that gabP is retained by this bacterium suggests that GabP is important for DC3000 in a natural setting, either for nutrition or as a mechanism for regulating gene expression. [Formula: see text] Copyright    2016 The Author(s). This is an open access article distributed under the CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license .
28001094|a|BACKGROUND: Given the increased use of psychoactive substances on the United States-Mexico border, a binational study (Tijuana, Mexico-Los Angeles, USA) was conducted to identify the prevalence of substance use in primary care settings. OBJECTIVES: To compare the prevalence and characteristics of patients at risk for substance use disorders in Tijuana and East Los Angeles (LA) community clinics with special attention paid to drug use. METHODS: This was an observational, cross-sectional, analytical study, comparing substance use screening results from patients in Tijuana and LA. The settings were 2 community clinics in LA and 6 in Tijuana. Participants were 2,507 adult patients in LA and 2,890 in Tijuana eligible for WHO Alcohol, Smoking and Substance Involvement Screening Test (ASSIST) screening during March-October 2013. Patients anonymously self-administered the WHO ASSIST on a tablet PC in the clinic waiting rooms. RESULTS: Of eligible patients, 96.4% completed the ASSIST in Tijuana and 88.7% in LA (mean 1.34 minutes and 4.20 minutes, respectively). The prevalence of patients with moderate-to-high substance use was higher in LA than Tijuana for each substance: drugs 19.4% vs. 5.7%, alcohol 15.2% vs. 6.5%, tobacco 20.4% vs. 16.2%. LA patients born in Mexico had 2x the odds and LA patients born in the United States had 6x the odds of being a moderate-to-high drug user compared to Tijuana patients born in Mexico. CONCLUSIONS: Moderate-to-high drug use is higher in LA than in Tijuana but rates are sufficiently high in both to suggest that screening for drug use (along with alcohol and tobacco use) should be integrated into routine primary care of community clinics in both cities.
28001095|a|INTRODUCTION: Midostaurin is a multikinase inhibitor that inhibits receptor tyrosine kinases (Flt3, CD117/c-kit, platelet-derived growth factor receptor, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2) as well as non-receptor tyrosine kinases (Frg, Src, Syk, Protein kinase C). Combination of midostaurin with conventional intensive chemotherapy followed by one year maintenance monotherapy was recently reported to improve the survival of acute myeloid leukemia (AML) patients with Flt3 mutations. Areas covered. Relevant publications were identified through literature searches in the PubMed database. We searched for (i) original articles describing the results from clinical studies; (ii) published articles describing the importance of midostaurin-inhibited kinases for leukemogenesis and chemosensitivity. Expert opinion. Midostaurin monotherapy is well tolerated, combined with conventional chemotherapy gastrointestinal toxicity increases significantly. Midostaurin alters anthracycline pharmacokinetics. Furthermore, its antileukemic effects may not only be mediated through Flt3 inhibition alone; the inhibition of other kinases may also be important for the overall antileukemic effect. Midostaurin may then have direct effects on the leukemic cells but also indirect antileukemic effects through inhibition of the AML-supporting effects of neighboring stromal cells in the bone marrow microenvironment. Midostaurin may thus be used in combination with intensive chemotherapy, as maintenance treatment or as disease-stabilizing treatment for elderly unfit patients.
28001110|a|
28001111|a|OBJECTIVE To radiographically evaluate and compare changes in the patellar ligament of dogs following tibial plateau leveling osteotomy (TPLO) and tibial tuberosity advancement (TTA). DESIGN Retrospective case series. ANIMALS 106 dogs that underwent TPLO (n = 59) or TTA (n = 47) for unilateral rupture of the cranial cruciate ligament at a private veterinary hospital from August 2009 through September 2012. PROCEDURES Medical records were reviewed to collect information on dog signalment, surgical procedure, whether arthrotomy had been performed, pre- and postoperative measurements of patellar ligament angle (PLA) and tibial plateau angle (TPA), and preoperative and follow-up measurements of patellar ligament thickness. RESULTS For dogs that underwent TTA, thickening of the distal portion of the patellar ligament was identified radiographically in 43 (92%) dogs at the first follow-up examination and 36 (77%) at the second follow-up examination. For dogs that underwent TPLO, these numbers were 57 (97%) and 54 (92%), respectively. A significant decrease in patellar ligament thickness was identified between the first and second follow-up examinations for TTA but not TPLO. Mean    SD PLA following TTA was 89.46    5.54  , representing a mean difference from the preoperative PLA of 11.86    5.3  ; following TPLO, mean TPA was 12.61    4.03  , representing a mean difference from the preoperative TPA of 16.74    7.13  . CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE Patellar ligament thickening occurred following TPLO and TTA in dogs. The clinical relevance of this thickening remains unknown.
28001112|a|CASE DESCRIPTION 5 dogs between 9 and 11 years of age were evaluated for treatment of primary (n = 2) or metastatic (3) hepatic neoplasia. CLINICAL FINDINGS Patients were evaluated on an elective (n = 3) or emergency (2) basis. Two dogs with primary hepatic neoplasia were evaluated because of lethargy and inappetence. One dog was referred after an enlarged anal sac was detected via palpation per rectum during a routine physical examination. Two dogs were evaluated on an emergency basis because of lethargy and weakness, and hemoabdomen in the absence of a history of trauma was detected. All 5 dogs underwent thoracic radiography and abdominal ultrasonography, with CT performed in both dogs with primary hepatic neoplasia. All dogs had preoperative evidence of abdominal neoplasia, and none had evidence of thoracic metastasis. TREATMENT AND OUTCOME All dogs underwent ventral midline laparotomy and had diffuse hepatic neoplasia that precluded complete resection. Locoregional treatment with MWA was applied to hepatic lesions (0.5 to 2.5 cm diameter) without procedural complications. Histopathologic diagnoses were biliary adenocarcinoma (n = 1), hemangiosarcoma (2), hepatocellular carcinoma (1), and apocrine gland adenocarcinoma (1). CLINICAL RELEVANCE MWA is being increasingly used as an adjunct in the surgical treatment of human patients with primary and metastatic liver disease. Results of the present small case series suggested that MWA is feasible and potentially effective as an adjunctive treatment for appropriately selected dogs with nonresectable hepatic tumors. Further investigation is indicated.
28001113|a|
28001128|a|The second messenger c-di-GMP (or cyclic diguanylate) regulates biofilm formation, a physiological adaptation process in bacteria, via a widely conserved signaling node comprising a prototypical transmembrane receptor for c-di-GMP, LapD, and a cognate periplasmic protease, LapG. Previously, we reported a structure-function study of a soluble LapD   LapG complex, which established conformational changes in the receptor that lead to c-di-GMP-dependent protease recruitment (Chatterjee et al., 2014). This work also revealed a basal affinity of c-di-GMP-unbound receptor for LapG, the relevance of which remained enigmatic. Here, we elucidate the structural basis of coincidence detection that relies on both c-di-GMP and LapG binding to LapD for receptor activation. The data indicate that high-affinity for LapG relies on the formation of a receptor dimer-of-dimers, rather than a simple conformational change within dimeric LapD. The proposed mechanism provides a rationale of how external proteins can regulate receptor function and may also apply to c-di-GMP-metabolizing enzymes that are akin to LapD.
28001129|a|Quantification of blood oxygen saturation (SO2) in vivo is essential for understanding the pathogenesis of diseases in which hypoxia is thought to play a role, including inflammatory disorders such as multiple sclerosis (MS) and rheumatoid arthritis (RA). We describe a low-cost multispectral microscope and oximetry technique for calibration-free absolute oximetry of surgically exposed blood vessels in vivo. We imaged the vasculature of the dorsal spinal cord in healthy rats, and varied inspired oxygen (FiO2) in order to evaluate the sensitivity of the imaging system to changes in SO2. The venous SO2 was calculated as 67.8              10.4% (average              standard deviation), increasing to 83.1              11.6% under hyperoxic conditions (100% FiO2) and returning to 67.4              10.9% for a second normoxic period; the venous SO2 was 50.9              15.5% and 29.2              24.6% during subsequent hypoxic states (18% and 15% FiO2 respectively). We discuss the design and performance of our multispectral imaging system, and the future scope for extending this oximetry technique to quantification of hypoxia in inflamed tissue.
28001147|a|UNASSIGNED: Our previous study showed that supplementation with a combination of Lactobacillus curvatus (L. curvatus) HY7601 and Lactobacillus plantarum (L. plantarum) KY1032 reduced the body weight, body fat percentage, body fat mass and L1 subcutaneous fat area in overweight subjects. We aimed to evaluate whether the changes in adiposity after supplementation with Lactobacillus strains were associated with metabolic intermediates. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted on 66 non-diabetic and overweight individuals. Over a 12-week period, the probiotic group consumed 2 g of probiotic powder, whereas the placebo group consumed the same product without the probiotics. To investigate metabolic alterations, we performed plasma metabolomics using ultra-performance liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry (UPLC-LTQ/Orbitrap MS). Probiotic supplementation significantly increased the levels of octenoylcarnitine (C8:1), tetradecenoylcarnitine (C14:1), decanoylcarnitine (C10) and dodecenoylcarnitine (C12:1) compared with the levels from placebo supplementation. In the probiotic group, the changes in the body weight, body fat percentage, body fat mass and L1 subcutaneous fat area were negatively associated with changes in the levels of C8:1, C14:1, C10 and C12:1 acylcarnitines. In overweight individuals, probiotic-induced weight loss and adiposity reduction from the probiotic supplementation were associated with an increase in medium-chain acylcarnitines.
28001148|a|The neurovascular unit is a complex, interdependent system composed of neurons and neural supporting cells, such as astrocytes, as well as cells that comprise the vascular system including endothelial cells, pericytes, and smooth muscle cells. Each cell type in the neurovascular unit plays an essential role, either in transmitting and processing neural signals or in maintaining the appropriate microenvironmental conditions for healthy neural function. In vitro neurovascular models can be useful for understanding the different roles and functions of the cells composing the neurovascular unit, as well as for assessing the effects on neural function of therapeutic compounds after crossing the endothelial barrier. Here, we report a novel three-dimensional neurovascular microfluidic model consisting of primary rat astrocytes and neurons together with human cerebral microvascular endothelial cells. These three cell types in our neurovascular chip (NVC) show distinct cell type-specific morphological characteristics and functional properties. In particular, morphological and functional analysis of neurons enables quantitative assessment of neuronal responses, while human cerebral endothelial cells form monolayers with size-selective permeability similar to existing in vitro blood-brain barrier (BBB) models.
28001149|a|Micropatterned cocultures are a useful experimental tool for the study of cell-cell interactions. Patterning methods often rely on sequential seeding of different cell types or removal of a barrier separating two populations, but it is difficult to pattern sharp interfaces between pure populations with low cross-contamination when using these approaches. Patterning by the use of reconfigurable substrates can overcome these limitations, but such methods can be costly and challenging to employ in a typical biology laboratory. Here, we describe a low-cost and simple-to-use reconfigurable substrate comprised of a transparent elastic material that is partially cut to form a slit that opens when the device is stretched. The slit seals back up when released, allowing two initially separate, adherent cell populations to be brought together to form a contact interface. Fluorescent imaging of patterned cocultures demonstrates the early establishment of a sharp cellular interface. As a proof of principle, we demonstrate the use of this device to study competition at the interface of two stem cell populations.
28001153|a|This paper presents a procedure that digitally neutralizes the contribution of paraffin to FTIR hyperspectral images. A brief mathematical derivation of the procedure is demonstrated and applied on one normal human colon sample to exemplify the de-waxing procedure. The proposed method includes construction of a paraffin model based on PCA, EMSC normalization and application of two techniques for spectral quality control. We discuss every step in which the researcher needs to take a subjective decision during the de-waxing procedure, and we explain how to make an adequate choice of parameters involved. Application of this procedure to 71 hyperspectral images collected from 55 human colon biopsies (20 normal, 17 ulcerative colitis, and 18 adenocarcinoma) showed that paraffin was appropriately neutralized, which made the de-waxed images adequate for analysis by pattern-recognition techniques such as k-means clustering or PCA-LDA.
28001154|a|UNASSIGNED: By the combination of carboxylate and phosphonate ligands, we herein report a nanosized H2[Ti18( 3-O)14( 2-O)6(O3P-Phen)2(PA)16(OPri)14] (PTC-51) (HPA = propionic acid, O3P-Phen = phenyl phosphonate), whose structure can be observed as the linkage of independent phosphonate supporting and carboxylate bridging hexanuclear Ti(iv) clusters. We also demonstrate a concise crystalline phase diagram, which shows the important effect of phosphonate and carboxylate ligand ratio during synthetic reactions. The photocatalytic H2 evolution activities of the obtained polyoxotitanate materials have been studied, with carboxylate-Ti6 presenting the maximum H2 production rate up to 267.78  mol g(-1) h(-1).
28001155|a|UNASSIGNED: The synthetic design of new porous open-framework materials with pre-designed pore properties for desired applications such as gas adsorption and separation remains challenging. We proposed one such class of materials, rod metal-organic frameworks (rod MOFs), which can be tuned by using rod secondary building units (rod SBUs) with different geometrical and chemical features. Our approach takes advantage of the readily accessible metal-triazolate 1-D motifs as rod SBUs to combine with dicarboxylate ligands to prepare target rod MOFs. Herein we report three such metal-triazolate-dicarboxylate frameworks (SNNU-21, -22 and -23). During the formation of these three MOFs, Cd or Zn ions are firstly connected by 1,2,4-triazole through the N1,N2,N4-mode to form 1-D metal-organic ribbon-like rod SBUs, which further joint four adjacent rod SBUs via eight BDC linkers to give 3-D microporous frameworks. However, tuned by the different NH2 groups from metal-triazolate rod SBUs, different space groups, pore sizes and shapes are observed for SNNU-21-23. All of these rod MOFs show not only remarkable CO2 uptake capacity, but also high CO2 over CH4 and C2-hydrocarbons over CH4 selectivity under ambient conditions. Specially, SNNU-23 exhibits a very high isosteric heat of adsorption (Qst) for C2H2 (62.2 kJ mol(-1)), which outperforms the values of all MOF materials reported to date including the famous MOF-74-Co.
28001156|a|UNASSIGNED: trans-a-Methylstilbene (tMS), a resveratrol analogue, has recently been studied in a search for new bioactivities. However, such studies do not take into account that the poor solubility of tMS in aqueous solutions could affect its bioactivity. For this reason, we propose, for the first time, using cyclodextrins (CDs) as solubilizers to increase tMS solubility, in aqueous solutions. The HPLC-RP results obtained, point to a 1   :   1 stoichiometry for all the natural (a-, b- and y-CD) and modified (HPbCD and MbCD) CDs tested. The KFapp (apparent formation constant) for the tMS-CD complexes was seen to be closely dependent on several factors, including the temperature and type of CD. Indeed, the highest KFapp value was obtained for MbCD, while the KFapp decreased with increasing temperature. In addition, the results showed negative entropy (-8.86 * 10(-3)    0.40 kJ mol(-1) K(-1)) and enthalpy (-16.70    0.98 kJ mol(-1)) changes and a negative Gibbs free energy value at 25   C (-14.00    0.55 kJ mol(-1)) for the encapsulation process. A computational study carried out using molecular docking calculations showed a high degree of correlation between the computed scores and experimental values. Finally, the complexation of trans-stilbene and pinosylvin with HPbCD was compared with tMS.
28001159|a|UNASSIGNED: It has been reported that glycation of human serum albumin (HSA) changes its capability for copper binding whereas the increase of free copper might have an impact on protein glycation - a key process in diabetes progression. In this work, proteomic analysis of non-glycated HSA and HSA glycated with methylglyoxal (MGo) in the absence or in the presence of Cu(ii) (0.1; 1.0; 5.0 mg Cu L(-1)) has been undertaken. Trypsin hydrolysates were subjected to capillary HPLC-ESI-QTOF-MS and MS/MS. Raw data were analyzed using two proteomic platforms: MaxQuant () and ProteinScape (Bruker). Considering seven MGo-derived modifications, the sequence coverage was 98% for non-modified HSA and >= 93% for HSA incubated with MGo or MGo + Cu(ii). Peptide mapping yielded 76 identical peptides in all samples though important differences were found between non-modified HSA and protein glycated with or without Cu(ii). Overall, 46 peptides with residues from 1 to 3 modified were detected/sequenced; the MGo-derived modifications found were: hydroimidazolone, argpyrimidine, N(  )-carboxyethyl-lysine and S-carboxyethyl-cysteine; 39 modified sites were identified (22 on arginine, 12 on lysine, and 5 on cysteine) and among them, 27 were common for ProteinScape and MaxQuant. The count of the modified peptides and the comparative analysis of their abundance in different samples indicated that Cu(ii) at physiological and sub-physiological concentrations inhibited HSA glycation as compared to the glycation of the Cu-devoid protein; at higher concentrations (5 mg Cu L(-1)), this inhibitory effect tends to be inverted. The results obtained suggest that increased protein glycation might be associated with Cu-deficiency and with excessive Cu(ii) concentrations, calling for more detailed studies performed on real-world samples with a strict control of copper concentration.
28000000|a|Internalized HIV-related stigma negatively impacts the mental and physical health of women living with HIV/AIDS (WLWHA). Yet, some women can successfully confront stigma. The present work uses qualitative methods to investigate the successful stigma coping strategies displayed by 19 WLWHA who reported the least internalized stigma possible on the Internalized AIDS-Related Stigma Scale out of a larger pool of 233 WLWHA in San Felipe de Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic. Such strategies included, HIV disclosure control; preemptive disclosure of HIV-status; educating oneself/others about HIV; viewing HIV as a manageable condition; and looking to family, friends and partners for support. Our findings add to current knowledge about how WLWHA successfully manage internalized stigma, particularly in the context of the Dominican Republic. Clinicians should work closely with WLWHA to counsel them about the stigma coping strategies that best fit their life context.
28000002|a|BACKGROUND: Stress perfusion cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR) is used widely in adult ischemic heart disease, but data in children is limited. We sought to evaluate feasibility, accuracy and prognostic value of stress CMR in children with suspected coronary artery disease (CAD). METHODS: Stress CMR was reviewed from two pediatric centers over 5  years using a standard pharmacologic protocol. Wall motion abnormalities, perfusion deficits and late enhancement were correlated with coronary angiogram (CAG) when available, and clinical status at 1  year follow-up for major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE; coronary revascularization, non-fatal myocardial infarction and death due to CAD) was recorded. RESULTS: Sixty-four stress perfusion CMR studies in 48 children (10.9        4.8  years) using adenosine; 59 (92%) and dipyridamole; 5 (8%), were reviewed. Indications were Kawasaki disease (39%), post arterial switch operation (12.5%), post heart transplantation (12.5%), post anomalous coronary artery repair (11%), chest pain (11%), suspected myocarditis or CAD (3%), post coronary revascularization (3%), and others (8%). Twenty-six studies were performed under sedation. Of all studies performed, 66% showed no evidence of ischemia or infarction, 28% had perfusion deficits and 6% had late gadolinium enhancement (LGE) without perfusion deficit. Compared to CAG, the positive predictive value (PPV) of stress CMR was 80% with negative predictive value (NPV) of 88%. At 1  year clinical follow-up, the PPV and NPV of stress CMR to predict MACE were 78 and 98%. CONCLUSION: Stress-perfusion CMR, in combination with LGE and wall motion-analysis is a feasible and an accurate method of diagnosing CAD in children. In difficult cases, it also helps guide clinical intervention by complementing conventional CAG with functional information.
28000007|a|
28000009|a|Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is associated with high risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). This association is multifactorial, but CKD is often associated with dyslipidemia, which likely contributes. Patients with CKD have dyslipidemia even at early stages of renal dysfunction and dyslipidemia tends to progress with deterioration of kidney function. The dyslipidemia in CKD is largely due to increased triglyceride levels, decreased HDL-C and varying levels of LDL-C. Current management of CKD may also affect lipid levels. Robust clinical trials demonstrate that statins are safe and efficacious in both lipid lowering and prevention of CVD events in pre-end stage CKD and post-transplant. However, there is no evidence of improved CVD outcomes with statin use in dialysis patients. This review will focus on mechanisms underlying dyslipidemia in CKD and clinical trial evidence for lipid lowering therapy in patients with CKD.
28000010|a|Renal involvement in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is common and has been associated with an increased risk of mortality [1]. Early diagnosis is imperative to control proteinuria and prevent the progression to end-stage renal disease. Standard induction therapies include cyclophosphamide (CYC) and mycophenolate mofetil (MMF); however, it has been estimated that approximately 30% of patients are refractory to these standard treatments after 1  year [2]. We present two cases of patients diagnosed with lupus nephritis (LN) who demonstrated persistent proteinuria while on standard treatments that markedly improved after addition of thalidomide (THD). A literature review was performed indicating that THD use with prednisolone (PL) was more efficacious than MMF with PL in resolving lupus nephritis in a mouse model. Thalidomide, which was well tolerated, was associated with a reduction in the protein-to-creatinine ratio with sustained results in both of our patient cases. These cases suggest more clinical data is needed to explore the potential utility of thalidomide in the treatment of LN.
28000012|a|A hallmark feature of antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) is the presence of antiphospholipid antibodies (aPLs). Few studies have addressed the clinical relevance of anti-annexin A5 antibodies (aANXA5) in Chinese patients with APS. In this study, we evaluated the clinical performance of aANXA5 in the diagnosis of APS. Sera from 313 subjects were tested, including 170 samples from patients with APS, 104 samples from patients with non-APS diseases as disease controls (DC), and 39 healthy controls (HC). Serum IgG and IgM aANXA5 were determined by ELISA. Overall, the levels of both IgG and IgM aANXA5 were significantly increased in patients with primary APS (PAPS) and APS associated to other diseases (APSAOD) compared with DC and HC. The sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV), and negative predictive value (NPV) for IgG and IgM aANXA5 in the diagnosis of APS were 33.5 and 15.3, 99.0 and 99.0, 98.3 and 96.3, and 47.7 and 41.7%, respectively. Significant associations between IgG aANXA5 and arterial thrombotic events (OR, 2.60; 95% CI, 1.44-4.71) and between IgG aANXA5 and venous thrombotic events (OR, 2.80; 95% CI, 1.55-5.06) were identified. No correlations were identified between IgG or IgM aANXA5 and obstetric complications. Our data suggest that aANXA5 could serve as a diagnosis biomarker for patients with APS. More importantly, our data highlighted a potential role of IgG aANXA5 in identifying APS patients with high risk of thrombosis.
28000019|a|UNASSIGNED: In this study, agar immobilization technique was employed for biological hydrogen production using Rhodobacter capsulatus DSM 1710 (wild type) and YO3 (hup-mutant) strains in sequential batch process. Different agar and glutamate concentrations were tested with defined nutrient medium. Agar concentration 4% (w/v) and 4  mM glutamate were selected for bacterial immobilization in terms of rate and longevity of hydrogen production. Acetate concentration was increased from 40 to 60-100 and 60  mM gave best results with both bacterial strains immobilized in 4% (w/v) agar. Cell concentration was increased from 2.5 to 5  mg dcw  mL(-1) agar and it was found that increasing cell concentration of wild-type strain caused decrease in yield and productivity while these parameters improved by increasing cell concentration of mutant strain. Also, the hydrogen production time has extended from 17  days up to 60  days according to the process conditions and parameters. Hydrogen production by immobilized photosynthetic bacteria is a convenient technology for hydrogen production as it enables to produce hydrogen with high organic acid concentrations comparing to suspended cultures. Besides, immobilization increases the stability of the system and allowed sequential batch operation for long-term application.
28000020|a|We hypothesize that it is plausible that biologically distinct developmental ASD-ADHD subtypes are present, each characterized by a distinct time of onset of symptoms, progression and combination of symptoms. The aim of the present narrative review was to explore if structural brain imaging studies may shed light on key brain areas that are linked to both ASD and ADHD symptoms and undergo significant changes during development. These findings may possibly pinpoint to brain mechanisms underlying differential developmental ASD-ADHD subtypes. To this end we brought together the literature on ASD and ADHD structural brain imaging symptoms and particularly highlight the adolescent years and beyond. Findings indicate that the vast majority of existing MRI studies has been cross-sectional and conducted in children, and sometimes did include adolescents as well, but without explicitly documenting on this age group. MRI studies documenting on age effects in adults with ASD and/or ADHD are rare, and if age is taken into account, only linear effects are examined. Data from various studies suggest that a crucial distinctive feature underlying different developmental ASD-ADHD subtypes may be the differential developmental thinning patterns of the anterior cingulate cortex and related connections towards other prefrontal regions. These regions are crucial for the development of cognitive/effortful control and socio-emotional functioning, with impairments in these features as key to both ASD and ADHD.
28000027|a|BACKGROUND: p16 <sup>INK4A</sup> (p16) functions as a tumor suppressor gene in various malignancies. Aberrant p16 methylation has been proposed to be essential in ovarian carcinogenesis. However, it is unclear whether p16 can be used as a diagnostic marker owing to the small sample sizes in previous studies. METHODS: To determine whether p16 promoter methylation is associated with epithelial ovarian cancer and can thus be used as a diagnostic marker, we performed a meta-analysis of published studies. The following databases were searched using a systematic search method: PubMed, Web of Science, EMBASE, and Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure. We used a random-effects model to analyze the relative risk (RR); we also evaluated between-study heterogeneity, subgroup heterogeneity, and publication bias. RESULTS: Our meta-analysis included eight eligible studies, with 428 ovarian cancers and 278 normal tissue samples and benign neoplasms. p16 promoter methylation was identified in 5.4 to 43.2% (median 27.86%) of ovarian cancers and 0 to 37.5% (median 15.8%) of normal tissue and benign neoplasms indicating that no significant association exists between p16 promoter methylation and epithelial ovarian cancer. However, the pooled results also showed that the RR was 1.52 (95% CI 0.80-2.87) in the ovarian cancer cases versus the corresponding normal and benign cases under the random-effects model. Between-study heterogeneity was determined through a sensitivity analysis; the I <sup>2</sup> value did not change when one study was excluded. CONCLUSIONS: Our study showed that p16 promoter methylation cannot be used to differentiate benign from malignant epithelial ovarian tumors. Therefore, p16 promoter methylation cannot be used as a marker for diagnosing the early stage of ovarian cancer.
28000029|a|Resazurin microtitre assay (RMA) has been successfully used to detect minimal inhibitory concentrations (MICs) of both first-line and several second-line drugs in drug susceptibility testing (DST) of Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB). In this study, we firstly compared prothionamide (PTH) susceptibility testing of Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB) using resazurin microtitre assay (RMA) and MGIT. Overall, the sensitivity and specificity of RMA for detecting PTH susceptibility was 96.5% [95% confidence interval (CI): 91.7-100.0] and 93.2% (95% CI: 89.6-96.8) respectively. In addition, the median time to positivity was significantly shorter for RMA than for the automated MGIT 960 (RMA, 8 days [range: 8-8 days] vs MGIT, 10.1 days, [range: 5.0-13.0]; P   <   0.01). Concordance rate for MICs between RMA and MGIT for PTH-resistant group was 64.3% (95% CI: 46.5-82.0), which was significantly lower than that of PTH-susceptible group (85.9%, 95% CI: 78.8-93.0; P=  0.01). In conclusion, our data demonstrated that RMA can be used as an acceptable alternative for determination of PTH susceptibility with shorter turn-around time. When compared with MGIT 960, RMA method was prone to produce higher MICs for PTH-resistant MTB strains.
28000033|a|Protein phosphatase 2C clade A members are major signaling components in the ABA-dependent signaling cascade that regulates seed germination. To elucidate the role of PP2CA genes in germination of rice seed, we selected OsPP2C51, which shows highly specific expression in the embryo compared with other protein phosphatases based on microarray data. GUS histochemical assay confirmed that OsPP2C51 is expressed in the seed embryo and that this expression pattern is unique compared with those of other OsPP2CA genes. Data obtained from germination assays and alpha-amylase assays of OsPP2C51 knockout and overexpression lines suggest that OsPP2C51 positively regulates seed germination in rice. The expression of alpha-amylase synthesizing genes was high in OsPP2C51 overexpressing plants, suggesting that elevated levels of OsPP2C51 might enhance gene expression related to higher rates of seed germination. Analysis of protein interactions between ABA signaling components showed that OsPP2C51 interacts with OsPYL/RCAR5 in an ABA-dependent manner. Furthermore, interactions were observed between OsPP2C51 and SAPK2, and between OsPP2C51 and OsbZIP10 and we found out that OsPP2C51 can dephosphorylates OsbZIP10. These findings suggest the existence of a new branch in ABA signaling pathway consisting of OsPYL/RCAR-OsPP2C-bZIP apart from the previously reported OsPYL/RCAR-OsPP2C-SAPK-bZIP. Overall, our result suggests that OsPP2C51 is a positive regulator of seed germination by directly suppressing active phosphorylated OsbZIP10.
28000035|a|UNASSIGNED: Angelman syndrome (AS) is a congenital syndrome with a prevalence of 1:15,000. Individuals with AS often have severe intellectual disability, typical dysmorphic signs, and behavioral problems. The aim of the study was to investigate the rate of incontinence and associated psychological problems in children and adults with AS. Ninety children (4-18  years) and 54 adults (18-31  years) with AS were recruited through a parent support group (55.6% male, mean age 15.1  years). The Parental Questionnaire: Enuresis/Urinary Incontinence, the Incontinence Questionnaire-Pediatric Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms (ICIQ-CLUTS), as well as the Developmental Behaviour Checklist for parents (DBC-P) or for adults (DBC-A) were filled out by parents or caregivers. 85.6% of individuals with AS were affected by at least one subtype of incontinence (82.7% nocturnal enuresis (NE), 64.7% daytime urinary incontinence (DUI), and 57.1% fecal incontinence (FI)). 52.5% of the children and 32.6% of adults reached a clinically relevant DBC score. Incontinence was not associated with behavioral problems. NE and DUI were associated with genotype and epilepsy. CONCLUSION: Children with AS have high rates of incontinence. Many adults are still affected by NE, DUI, or even FI. Screening, assessment, and treatment of incontinence in individuals with AS are recommended. What is Known:     Incontinence in persons with Angelman syndrome (AS) is associated with younger age, lower level of adaptive functioning, and epilepsy. What is New:     Children and teens with AS are at special risk for incontinence, but older persons are also affected.     Comorbid epilepsy is significantly associated not only with nocturnal enuresis (NE) but also with daytime urinary incontinence (DUI). Underlying genotype is significantly associated with incontinence.
28000043|a|UNASSIGNED: Mutations in the ALPL gene encoding tissue-nonspecific alkaline phosphatase (TNSALP) cause hypophosphatasia (HPP), a genetic disorder characterized by deficiency of serum ALP and hypomineralization of bone and teeth. Three missense mutations for glycine 426 (by standard nomenclature) of TNSALP have been reported: cysteine (p.G426C), serine (p.G426S), and aspartate (p.G426D). We expressed TNSALP mutants carrying each missense mutation in mammalian cells. All three TNSALP mutants appeared on the cell surface like the wild-type (WT) TNSALP, although the cells expressing each TNSALP mutant exhibited markedly reduced ALP activity. TNSALP (WT) was mainly present as a 140  kDa catalytically active dimeric form, whereas  ~80  kDa monomers were the predominant molecular species in the cells expressing TNSALP (p.G426D) or TNSALP (p.G426S), suggesting that aspartate or serine at position 426 may hamper the subunit assembly essential for the enzymatic function of TNSALP. Alternatively, the subunits of TNSALP (p.G426C) were found to be aberrantly cross-linked by disulfide bonds, giving rise to a 200  kDa form lacking ALP activity. Taken together, our results reveal that the amino acid substitutions at position 426 of TNSALP differentially affect the structure and function of TNSALP, leading to understanding of the molecular and cellular basis of HPP.
28000046|a|L-2-aminobutyric acid (L-ABA) as a precursor for the anticonvulsant and the antituberculotic is a key intermediate in the chemical and pharmaceutical industries. Recently, leucine dehydrogenase (LeuDH) with NAD(+) regeneration was developed for L-ABA production on a large scale. Previously, the L-ABA yield was improved by optimizing conversion conditions, including cofactor regeneration and enzyme immobilization but not protein engineering on LeuDH due to lacking an applicable high-throughput screening (HTS) method. Recently, an HTS assay was developed by us, which enables researchers to engineer LeuDH in a relatively short period of time. Herein, a semirational engineering was performed on LeuDH to increase the catalytic efficiency of BcLeuDH. Firstly, the structure of wild-type (WT) BcLeuDH was modeled and seven potentially beneficial positions were selected for mutation. Five beneficial variants were then identified from the seven site-saturation mutagenesis (SSM) libraries by HTS and confirmed by rescreening via amino acid analyzer. The "best" variant M5 (WT  +  Q358N) showed 44.5-fold higher catalytic efficiency (k cat/K M) than BcLeuDH WT, which suggested that BcLeuDH M5 is an attractive candidate for L-ABA production on a large scale. Furthermore, the structure-functional relationship was investigated based on the docking and kinetic results.
28000053|a|
28000056|a|UNASSIGNED: Pseudomonas sp., which occupy a variety of ecological niches, have been widely studied for their versatile metabolic capacity to promote plant growth, suppress microbial pathogens, and induce systemic resistance in plants. In this study, a Pseudomonas sp. strain p21, which was isolated from tomato root endophytes, was identified as having antagonism against Aspergillus niger. Further analysis showed that this strain had the ability to biosynthesise siderophores and was less effective in inhibiting the growth of A. niger with the supplementation of Fe(3+) in the agar medium. Genomic sequencing and the secondary metabolite cluster analysis demonstrated that Pseudomonas sp. p21 harboured 2 pyoverdine biosynthetic gene clusters, which encode compounds with predicted core structures and two variable tetra-peptide or eleven-peptide chains. The results indicated that siderophore-mediated competition for iron might be an important mechanism in Pseudomonas suppression of the fungal pathogen A. niger and in microbe-pathogen-plant interactions.
28000061|a|The impact of depression on quality of life (QOL) and social support has neither been well characterized in clinical samples of women with perimenopausal depression (PMD) nor have the relative contributions of depression and other menopausal symptoms (e.g., hot flushes) to declining QOL been clarified. In this study, we compared QOL measures, social support, and functional disability in PMD and non-depressed perimenopausal women. We evaluated women aged 40-60  years who presented with menstrual cycle irregularity, elevated plasma FSH levels, and met criteria for perimenopause. A structured clinical interview was administered to determine the presence or absence of major and minor depression. Outcome measures included the Quality of Life Enjoyment Scale Questionnaire, the Sheehan Disability Scale, the Global Assessment of Functioning, the Social Adjustment Scale, and the Duke Social Support Index. Kruskal-Wallis tests and ANOVAs were used to compare outcome measures. Ninety women with PMD and 51 control women participated in this study. Women with PMD reported significantly decreased QOL, social support, and adjustment and increased disability compared with non-depressed perimenopausal women. Neither perimenopausal reproductive status alone nor the presence of hot flushes had a significant negative impact on QOL measures. PMD is accompanied by significant reductions in QOL, social support, and disability similar to depression in women at other stages of life. PMD may also contribute to decreased QOL in community- or clinic-based samples of perimenopausal women. It remains unclear whether the clinical characteristics we identified reflect pre-existing risk factors for depression during the perimenopause or the effects of a current depression. Future clinical and treatment studies in perimenopausal women should distinguish depressed women when outcome measures include QOL.
28000063|a|
28000071|a|In this study, two lab-scale baffled subsurface-flow constructed wetlands (BSFCWs), including gravel-wood chips-slag and gravel-slag-wood chips, were operated at different intermittent aeration to evaluate the effect of artificial aeration and slow-released carbon source on the treatment efficiency of high-strength nitrogen wastewater. Results indicated that gravel-slag-wood chips extended aerobic/anaerobic alternating environment to gravel and slag zones and maintained anaerobic condition in the subsequent wood chip section. The order of gravel-slag-wood chip was more beneficial to pollutant removal. Sufficient carbon source supply resulted from wood-chip-framework substrate simultaneously obtained high removals of COD (97%), NH4(+)-N (95%), and TN (94%) in BSFCWs at 2  h aeration per day. The results suggest that intermittent aeration combined with wood chips could achieve high nitrogen removal in BSFCWs.
28000073|a|Water-based or flexographic inks in paper and plastic industries are more environmentally favourable than organic solvent-based inks. However, their use also creates new challenges because they remain dissolved in water and alter the recycling process. Conventional deinking technologies such as flotation processes do not effectively remove them. Adsorption, coagulation/flocculation, biological and membrane processes are either expensive or have negative health impacts, making the development of alternative methods necessary. Cellulose nanofibers (CNF) are biodegradable, and their structural and mechanical properties are useful for wastewater treatment. TEMPO-oxidised CNF have been evaluated for the decolourisation of wastewaters that contained copper phthalocyanine blue, carbon black and diarlyide yellow pigments. CNF in combination with a cationic polyacrylamide (cPAM) has also been tested. Jar-test methodology was used to evaluate the efficiency of the different treatments and cationic/anionic demand, turbidity and ink concentration in waters were measured. Results show that dual-component system for ink removal has a high potential as an alternative bio-based adsorbent for the removal of water-based inks. In addition, experiments varying CNF and cPAM concentrations were performed to optimise the ink-removal process. Ink concentration reductions of 100%, 87.5% and 83.3% were achieved for copper phthalocyanine blue, carbon black and diarlyide yellow pigments, respectively. Flocculation studies carried out show the decolourisation mechanism during the dual-component treatment of wastewaters containing water-based inks.
28000078|a|UNASSIGNED: Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and social anxiety disorder (SAD) have partly overlapping symptoms. Gaze avoidance has been linked to both SAD and ASD, but little is known about differences in social attention between the two conditions. We studied eye movements in a group of treatment-seeking adolescents with SAD (N   =   25), assessing SAD and ASD dimensionally. The results indicated a double dissociation between two measures of social attention and the two symptom dimensions. Controlling for social anxiety, elevated autistic traits were associated with delayed orienting to eyes presented among distractors. In contrast, elevated social anxiety levels were associated with faster orienting away from the eyes, when controlling for autistic traits. This distinction deepens our understanding of ASD and SAD.
28000081|a|Rotavirus (RV) is the predominant cause of infantile gastroenteritis with multiple pathogenic factors, among which enterotoxin NSP4 is the most significant factor. NSP4 has been shown to induce elevation of the intracellular calcium concentration, alteration of the cytoskeleton organization, and cytopathic effect among other processes. However, increasing evidence suggests that RVs can escape from the gastrointestinal tract and invade other organs and tissues to cause extra-intestinal diseases. In this study, we investigated whether NSP4 has a pathogenic effect on extra-intestinal cells and examined possible molecular mechanisms in vitro. Our results showed that NSP486-175 has important functions in increasing intracellular Ca(2+) concentration, altering actin cytoskeleton organization and inducing cellular damage in H9c2(2-1) cells. Blockade of the integrin a2 receptor using a specific antibody attenuated the increase of intracellular Ca(2+) concentration and alleviated the observed cytopathic effects, suggesting that integrin a2 may be a receptor for NSP486-175. Collectively, these results indicate that extracellular NSP486-175 can induce elevation of the intracellular Ca(2+) concentration, cause cytotoxic changes, and disrupt the actin cytoskeleton in H9c2(2-1) cells, which may constitute a possible mechanism for RV extra-intestinal pathogenesis.
28000083|a|Increasing evidence supports the hypothesis that impulsive decision-making is a heritable risk factor for an alcohol use disorder (AUD). Clearly identifying a link between impulsivity and AUD risk, however, is complicated by the fact that both AUDs and impulsivity are heterogeneous constructs. Understanding the link between the two requires identifying the underlying cognitive factors that lead to impulsive choices. Rodent models have established that a family history of excessive drinking can lead to the expression of a transgenerational impulsive phenotype, suggesting heritable alterations in the decision-making process. In the present study, we explored the cognitive processes underlying impulsive choice in a validated, selectively bred rodent model of excessive drinking-the alcohol-preferring ("P") rat. Impulsivity was measured via delay discounting (DD), and P rats exhibited an impulsive phenotype as compared to their outbred foundation strain-Wistar rats. Steeper discounting in P rats was associated with a lack of a prospective behavioral strategy, which was observed in Wistar rats and was directly related to DD. To further explore the underlying cognitive factors mediating these observations, a drift diffusion model of DD was constructed. These simulations supported the hypothesis that prospective memory of the delayed reward guided choice decisions, slowed discounting, and optimized the fit of the model to the experimental data. Collectively, these data suggest that a deficit in forming or maintaining a prospective behavioral plan is a critical intermediary to delaying reward, and by extension, may underlie the inability to delay reward in those with increased AUD risk.
28000085|a|Although substantial effort has been made in the development of next-generation recombinant vaccine systems, maintenance of a cold chain is still typically required and remains a critical challenge in effective vaccine distribution. The ability to engineer alternative containment systems that improve distribution and administration represents potentially significant enhancements to vaccination strategies. In this work, we evaluate the ability to successfully lyophilize a previously demonstrated thermostable tuberculosis vaccine formulation (ID93 + GLA-SE) in a cartridge format compared to a traditional vial container format. Due to differences in the shape of the container formats, a novel apparatus was developed to facilitate lyophilization in a cartridge. Following lyophilization, the lyophilizate was assessed visually, by determining residual moisture content, and by collecting melting profiles. Reconstituted formulations were assayed for particle size, protein presence, and GLA content. Based on assessment of the lyophilizate, the multicomponent vaccine was successfully lyophilized in both formats. Also, the physicochemical properties of the major components in the formulation, including antigen and adjuvant, were retained after lyophilization in either format. Ultimately, this study demonstrates that complex formulations can be lyophilized in alternative container formats to the standard pharmaceutical glass vial, potentially helping to increase the distribution of vaccines.
28000091|a|Three groups of products enriched with herbs were studied: (1) commercial herb honeys (n   =   5) produced by bees fed a syrup with an herbal extract, (2) natural herbal honey (n   =   3) produced by bees from the nectar of herbs, and (3) creamed multifloral honey with added dried herbs (n   =   5). As a control, multifloral honey (n   =   5) was used. The physicochemical parameters (i.e., sugar extract, water content, specific rotation, conductivity, hydroxymethylfurfural content, pH and acidity), sugar profiles (HPLC analysis), antioxidant activity and total phenolic compounds content of the studied samples were compared. Although great diversity in the basic properties of the studied products was observed, they were comparable to multifloral honey and complied with honey regulations. Significant differences in sugar composition were observed, and adversely positive rotation (excluding nettle herb honey) was detected in group 1, likely resulting from the change in bee feeding. The best antioxidant activity for creamed honeys with dried herbs (group 2) was investigated, whereas herb honeys (group 1) exhibited similar antioxidant properties as multifloral honey. The use of controlled feeding of bees appears to be an effective method of enriching honey with desirable plant bioactive components to create innovative bee products.
28000094|a|PURPOSE: Most health outcome measures for chronic diseases do not incorporate specific health goals of patients and caregivers. To elicit patient-centered goals for dementia care, we conducted a qualitative study using focus groups of people with early-stage dementia and dementia caregivers. METHODS: We conducted 5 focus groups with 43 participants (7 with early-stage dementia and 36 caregivers); 15 participants were Spanish-speaking. Verbatim transcriptions were independently analyzed line-by-line by two coders using both deductive and inductive approaches. Coded texts were grouped into domains and developed into a goal inventory for dementia care. RESULTS: Participants identified 41 goals for dementia care within five domains (medical care, physical quality of life, social and emotional quality of life, access to services and supports, and caregiver support). Caregiver goals included ensuring the safety of the person with dementia and managing caregiving stress. Participants with early-stage dementia identified engaging in meaningful activity (e.g., work, family functions) and not being a burden on family near the end of life as important goals. Participants articulated the need to readdress goals as the disease progressed and reported challenges in goal-setting when goals differed between the person with dementia and the caregiver (e.g., patient safety vs. living independently at home). While goals were similar among English- and Spanish-speaking participants, Spanish-speaking participants emphasized the need to improve community education about dementia. CONCLUSIONS: Patient- and caregiver-identified goals for care are different than commonly measured health outcomes for dementia. Future work should incorporate patient-centered goals into clinical settings and assess their usefulness for dementia care.
28000096|a|OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between tissue distributions of modified Wuzi Yanzong prescription (, MWP) in rats and meridian tropism theory. METHODS: A high-performance liquid chromatography with Fourier transform-mass spectrometry (HPLC-FT) method was used to identify the metabolites of MWP in different tissues of rats after continued oral administration of MWP for 7 days. The relationship between MWP and meridian tropism theory was studied according to the tissue distributions of the metabolites of MWP in rats and the relevant literature. RESULTS: Nineteen metabolites, mainly flavanoid compounds, were detected in the different rat tissues and classified to each herb in MWP. Further, it was able to establish that the tissue distributions of the metabolites of MWP were consistent with the descriptions of meridian tropism of MWP available in literature, this result might be useful in clarifying the mechanism of MWP on meridian tropism. In the long run, these data might provide scientific evidence of the meridian tropism theory to further promote the reasonable, effective utilization, and modernization of Chinese medicine. CONCLUSION: The tissue distributions of MWP in vivo were consistent with the descriptions of meridian tropism of MWP.
28000100|a|Abnormal platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR)-mediated signaling may cause hematologic neoplasm. The PDGFR beta (PDGFRB) gene, located at chromosome band 5q31-33, forms a fusion gene as a result of chromosome translocation. Although patients with PDGFRB rearrangement mostly present with myeloproliferative neoplasm and eosinophilia, acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) have also been reported in this population. Treatment with imatinib mesylate alone has been shown to have excellent long-term efficacy against myeloproliferative neoplasms; however, its long-term effects on ALL and AML have not been elucidated. A 75-year-old man was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia having the PDGFRB and cGMP-dependent protein kinase 2 fusion gene with additional genetic abnormalities. Continuous therapy with single-agent imatinib mesylate resulted in cytogenetic remission and decreased molecular burden for 9  months; however, the leukemia subsequently recurred, and the patient died 1  year after initiation of treatment. This case report supports the importance of cytogenetic analysis during patient screening.
28000107|a|Forensic evidentiary backlogs are indicative of the growing need for cost-effective, high-throughput instrumental methods. One such emerging technology that shows high promise in meeting this demand while also allowing on-site forensic investigation is portable mass spectrometric (MS) instrumentation, particularly that which enables the coupling to ambient ionization techniques. While the benefits of rapid, on-site screening of contraband can be anticipated, the inherent legal implications of field-collected data necessitates that the analytical performance of technology employed be commensurate with accepted techniques. To this end, comprehensive analytical validation studies are required before broad incorporation by forensic practitioners can be considered, and are the focus of this work. Pertinent performance characteristics such as throughput, selectivity, accuracy/precision, method robustness, and ruggedness have been investigated. Reliability in the form of false positive/negative response rates is also assessed, examining the effect of variables such as user training and experience level. To provide flexibility toward broad chemical evidence analysis, a suite of rapidly-interchangeable ion sources has been developed and characterized through the analysis of common illicit chemicals and emerging threats like substituted phenethylamines. Graphical Abstract    .
28000109|a|
28000112|a|UNASSIGNED: Calcification is a major factor that limits the durability of bioprosthetic valve. A novel bovine pericardial tissue treated with aldehyde capping chemistry and glycerolization was evaluated for its resistance to calcification in comparison with porcine tissues treated with amino oleic acid and bovine pericardial tissue with ethanol rinsing in a rabbit intramuscular model. Tissue discs from the test and control tissues were implanted in rabbits for 60 days. The explanted discs were subject to X-ray imaging, calcium quantification and histology analysis. The test tissue showed 95 and 96   % reduction in calcification in comparison with amino oleic acid treatment and ethanol rinsing treatment, respectively. In addition, the test tissue showed the least inflammatory response as evidenced by a reduced amount of macrophages and giant cells in histology analysis. Furthermore, the aldehyde analysis of the pre-implanted samples showed associated reduction in free aldehyde levels with the test tissue. The reduction in calcification is consistent with previously reported results and is hypothesized to be attributed to the capping of free aldehydes in the test tissue.
28000114|a|Biomaterials are often added to autologous fat grafts both as supporting matrices for the grafted adipocytes and as cell carrier for adipose-derived stem cells (ADSCs). This in vivo study used an autologous fat graft model to test a lamininalginate biomaterial, adipocytes, and ADSCs in immune-competent rats. We transplanted different combinations of shredded autologous adipose tissue [designated "A" for adipose tissue]), laminin-alginate beads [designated "B" for bead], and ADSCs [designated "C" for cell]) into the backs of 15 Sprague-Dawley rats. Group A received only adipocytes, Group B received only laminin-alginate beads, Group AB received adipocytes mixed with laminin-alginate beads, Group BC received laminin-alginate beads encapsulating ADSCs, and Group ABC received adipocytes and laminin-alginate beads containing ADSCs. Seven-tesla magnetic resonance imaging was used to evaluate the rats at the 1st, 6th, and 12th weeks after transplantation. At the 12th week, the rats were sacrificed and the implanted materials were retrieved for gross examination and histological evaluation. The results based on MRI, gross evaluation, and histological data all showed that implants in Group ABC had better resorption of the biomaterial, improved survival of the grafted adipocytes, and adipogenic differentiation of ADSCs. Volume retention of grafts in Group ABC (89%) was also significantly greater than those in Group A (58%) (p   <   0.01). Our findings support that the combination of shredded adipose tissue with ADSCs in laminin-alginate beads provided the best overall outcome.
28000119|a|UNASSIGNED: The present study provides data on the insertion of an extra copy of phytochelatin synthase (alr0975) in Anabaena sp. PCC 7120. The recombinant strain (AnFPN-pcs) compared to wild type showed approximately 22.3% increase in growth rate under UV-B, NaCl, heat, CuCl2, carbofuran, and CdCl2. It also registered 2.25-fold enhanced nitrogenase activity and 5-fold higher phytochelatin production. A comparison of the protein profile of wild type with the recombinant strain revealed that recombinant strain accumulated proteins belonging to the following categories: (i) detoxification (nutrient stress induced DNA binding protein, Mn-SOD, Alr0946 (CalA)), (ii) protein folding and modification (molecular chaperone DnaK, FKBP-type peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase), (iii) nucleotide and amino acid biosynthesis (dihydroorotase and Ketol-acid reductoisomerase), (iv) photosynthesis and respiration (coproporphyrinogen III oxidase, phycocyanin alpha chain, ferredoxin-NADP(+) reductase), and (v) transport (sugar transport ATP-binding protein). Thus, it can be concluded that, above category proteins with their respective role in scavenging reactive oxygen species, proper folding of unfolded proteins, and protection of protein from degradation, sustained carbon fixation and energy pool and active transport of sugar together conceivably help the recombinant cyanobacterium (AnFPN-pcs) to cope with abiotic stress employed in the present study. Such recombinant strains have potential for future use as biofertilizer.
28000125|a|BACKGROUND: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a well-known risk factor for seizures. We aimed to identify the frequency and risk factors for seizure occurrence during hospitalization for TBI. METHODS: We used ICD-9-CM codes to identify patients 18  years of age or older from the National Trauma Data Bank who were admitted with TBI. We also used ICD-9-CM codes to identify the subset who had seizures during hospitalization. Patient demographics, comorbidities, Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) score, Injury Severity Score Abbreviated Injury Scale (ISSAIS), in-hospital complications, and discharge disposition were compared in the seizure group (SG) and no-seizure group (NSG). RESULTS: A total of 1559 patients had in-hospital seizures, comprising 0.4% of all patients admitted with TBI. The mean age of SG was 3  years older than NSG [51 vs. 48; p  <  0.0001]. African-American ethnicity (20 vs. 12%, p  <  0.0001) and moderate TBI (8 vs. 4%, p  <  0.0001) were more common in SG. History of alcohol dependence was more common in the SG (25 vs. 11%, p  <  0.0001). Fall was the most common mechanism of injury in SG (56 vs. 36% in NSG; p  <  0.0001). Subdural hematoma was more common in SG (31 vs. 21%, p  <  0.0001). SG had higher rates of pneumonia, ARDS, acute kidney injury, and increased ICP. The average length of hospital stay was significantly higher in SG (10 vs. 6  days, p  <  0.0001), and these patients had higher rate of discharge to nursing facility (32 vs. 25%, p  <  0.0001). CONCLUSION: In-hospital seizures occur in 0.4% of all TBI patients. Although infrequent, seizure occurrence is associated with higher rates of hospital complications such as pneumonia and ARDS and is an independent predictor of longer hospital stay and worse hospital outcome.
28000126|a|BACKGROUND: Autophagy is a process that recycles damaged proteins and organelles. Beclin 1 is involved in the nucleation phase, while p62 is consumed during the elongation phase. We hypothesized that these autophagy biomarkers are increased in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) after traumatic brain injury (TBI) in children and associated with unfavorable outcome. METHODS: Thirty children with severe TBI had CSF collected on days 1, 3, and 7. Patients without TBI or meningoencephalitis served as controls. Beclin 1 and p62 were measured by ELISA. Outcome was assigned 6  months after injury (Glasgow Outcome Scale score; GOS). RESULTS: Mean and peak CSF beclin 1 and p62 levels were increased compared to controls (P  <  0.05). Peak p62 levels were higher in patients with unfavorable versus favorable outcome (0.79      1.03 vs. 0.17      0.54  ng/ml, respectively; mean      SD, P  =  0.002) and were independently associated with outcome when controlling for age and initial Glasgow Coma Scale score (P  =  0.019; AUC 0.88, 95% CI 0.76, 1.00). CONCLUSIONS: Beclin 1 and p62 are increased in CSF after TBI, suggesting increased autophagy with impairment of, and/or exceeding the capacity for, autophagic flux. The association of increased p62 with unfavorable outcome suggests that autophagy in excess of the capacity to clear degradation products may be deleterious after TBI.
28000128|a|BACKGROUND: Currently, a complete understanding of post-ventriculostomy hemorrhagic complications in subarachnoid hemorrhage due to ruptured aneurysms remains unknown. The present study evaluates the impact of periprocedural risk factors on rates of external ventricular drain (EVD)-associated hemorrhage in the setting of endovascular treatment of intracranial aneurysms. METHODS: A retrospective chart review of 107 patients who underwent EVD placement within 24  h of endovascular coiling was performed. CT of head without contrast was obtained after drain placement and before endovascular treatment. Post-procedural CT was also obtained within 48  h of embolization and was reviewed for new/worsened track hemorrhages. Chi-squared test was used in evaluation. RESULTS: Ninety-three of the 107 patients reviewed met the inclusion criteria. Four (25%) of the 16 patients on antiplatelet medications at presentation experienced post-EVD hemorrhage compared to 11 (14.3%) of 77 that were not (p  =  0.29). Of the 13 patients given intraprocedural antiplatelets, 3 (23.1%) demonstrated hemorrhage compared to 12 (15%) of 80 not administered these medications (p  =  0.46). Further, of 36 patients with intraprocedural anticoagulation, 6 (16.7%) exhibited hemorrhage compared to 9 (15.8%) of 57 in those without (p  =  0.91). In 17 patients who received DVT prophylaxis, 2 (11.8%) exhibited hemorrhage compared to 13 (17.1%) of 76 who did not (p  =  0.59). No post-EVD hemorrhage had attributable neurologic morbidity. CONCLUSION: Our results, demonstrating no significant risk factor related to EVD-associated hemorrhage rates, support the safety of EVD placement in the peri-endovascular treatment period.
28000134|a|BACKGROUND: Takotsubo cardiomyopathy (TC) is a well-known complication after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage and has been rarely described in patients with traumatic brain injury (TBI). METHODS: Case report and review of literature. RESULTS: Here, we report a 73-year-old woman with mild traumatic brain injury (TBI) presenting in cardiogenic shock. Takotsubo cardiomyopathy (TC) was diagnosed by repeated echocardiography. Cardiovascular support by inotropic agents led to hemodynamic stabilization after initiation of levosimendan. Cardiac function fully recovered within 21  days. We performed an in-depth literature review and identified 16 reported patients with TBI and TC. Clinical course and characteristics are discussed in the context of our patient. CONCLUSION: Takotsubo cardiomyopathy is under-recognized after TBI and may negatively impact outcome if left untreated.
28000137|a|
28000141|a|This study evaluates the mass concentration and chemical composition of particulate matter (PM), collected in the chamber complex of the underground health resort located in the Wieliczka Salt Mine in southern Poland. Physical and chemical properties of PM were examined from the standpoint of their possible connection with therapeutic effects of the subterranean air in the mine. We found that in three underground spots we measured the average concentration of PM did not exceed 30   g/m(3). Chemical composition of PM was dominated by sodium chloride, making up 88  % of its mass, on average. It was shown that the underground ambient concentration of PM and its chemical composition depended mostly on the nature of the rock material present in the ventilation tunnel of the health resort, filtering the incoming air. The presence and effect of external sources of PM, including patients' activity, also had an impact on the underground PM concentration.
28000143|a|Cerebral cavernous malformations (CCMs) are lesions affecting brain microvessels. The pathogenesis is not clearly understood. Conventional classification criterion is based on genetics, and thus, familial and sporadic forms can be distinguished; however, classification of sporadic cases with multiple lesions still remains uncertain. To date, three CCM causative genes have been identified: CCM1/KRIT1, CCM2/MGC4607 and CCM3/PDCD10. In our previous mutation screening, performed in a cohort of 95 Italian patients, with both sporadic and familial cases, we identified several mutations in CCM genes. This study represents further molecular screening in a cohort of 19 Italian patients enrolled by us in the few last years and classified into familial, sporadic and sporadic with multiple lesions cases. Direct sequencing and multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification (MLPA) analysis were performed to detect point mutations and large genomic rearrangements, respectively. Effects of detected mutations and single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were evaluated by an in silico approach and by western blot analysis. A novel nonsense mutation in CCM1 and a novel missense mutation in CCM2 were detected; moreover, several CCM2 gene polymorphisms in sporadic CCM patients were reported. We believe that these data enrich the mutation spectrum of CCM genes, which is useful for genetic counselling to identify both familial and sporadic CCM cases, as early as possible.
28000156|a|BACKGROUND: Adverse drug reactions (ADRs) in older people are often preventable, indicating that screening and prevention programs aimed at reducing their rate are needed in this population. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to externally validate the GerontoNet ADR risk score and to assess its validity in specific subpopulations of older inpatients. METHODS: Data from the prospective CRIteria to assess appropriate Medication use among Elderly complex patients (CRIME) cohort were used. Dose-dependent and predictable ADRs were classified as type A, probable or definite ADRs were defined according to the Naranjo algorithm, and diagnostic accuracy was tested using receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analyses. Sensitivity and specificity were calculated for a cut-off point of 4. RESULTS: The mean age of the 1075 patients was 81.4  years (standard deviation 7.4) and the median number of drugs was 10 (range 7-13). At least one ADR was observed in 70 patients (6.5%); ADRs were classified as type A in 50 patients (4.7%) and defined as probable or definite in 41 patients (3.8%). Fair diagnostic accuracy to predict both type A and probable or definite ADRs was found in subpopulations aged <70 or >= 80  years with heart failure, diabetes, or a previous ADR. Good accuracy to predict type A ADRs was found in patients with a low body mass index (BMI; >18.5  kg/m<sup>2</sup>) and a Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) score of >24/30 points, as well as in patients with osteoarthritis. The cut-off point of 4 points yielded very good sensitivity but poor specificity results in these subpopulations. CONCLUSION: This study suggests that the GerontoNet ADR risk score might represent a pragmatic approach to identifying specific subpopulations of older inpatients at increased risk of an ADR with a fair to good diagnostic accuracy.
28000163|a|Pinocembrin (PB; 5,7-dihydroxyflavanone) is found in propolis and exhibits antioxidant activity in several experimental models. The antioxidant capacity of PB is associated with the activation of the nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2/antioxidant response element (Nrf2/ARE) signaling pathway. The Nrf2/ARE axis mediates the expression of antioxidant and detoxifying enzymes, such as glutathione peroxidase (GPx), glutathione reductase (GR), heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1), and the catalytic (GCLC) and regulatory (GCLM) subunits of the rate-limiting enzyme in the synthesis of glutathione (GSH), y-glutamate-cysteine ligase (y-GCL). Nonetheless, it is not clear how PB exerts mitochondrial protection in mammalian cells. Human neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cells were pretreated (4  h) with PB (0-25    M) and then exposed to methylglyoxal (MG; 500    M) for further 24  h. Mitochondria were isolated by differential centrifugation. PB (25    M) provided mitochondrial protection (decreased lipid peroxidation, protein carbonylation, and protein nitration in mitochondrial membranes; decreased mitochondrial free radical production; enhanced the content of GSH in mitochondria; rescued mitochondrial membrane potential-MMP) and blocked MG-triggered cell death by a mechanism dependent on the activation of the extracellular-related kinase (Erk1/2) and consequent upregulation of Nrf2. PB increased the levels of GPx, GR, HO-1, and mitochondrial GSH. The PB-induced effects were suppressed by silencing of Nrf2 with siRNA. Therefore, PB activated the Erk1/2-Nrf2 signaling pathway resulting in mitochondrial protection in SH-SY5Y cells exposed to MG. Our work shows that PB is a strong candidate to figure among mitochondria-focusing agents with pharmacological potential.
28000165|a|INTRODUCTION: Systematic collection of patient-reported outcome measures (PROMs) during ambulatory clinic visits can enhance communication between patient and provider, and provide the ability to evaluate outcomes of care. Little is known about patient satisfaction of PROM data collection in routine clinical care. To evaluate patient reaction to the routine collection of PROMs in the ambulatory setting. METHODS: Before all ambulatory clinic visits at our neurological institute, patients electronically complete health status questionnaires. We administered an 8-question patient satisfaction survey to a sample of patients seen across the institute after their clinical visit. RESULTS: Of 343 patients approached, 323 agreed to participate. The majority responded that the questionnaire system was easy to use, was an appropriate length, and benefited their care overall (strongly agree or agree  =  92.3%, 87.6%, and 77.3%, respectively). Provider review of the PROMs with the patient during the clinic visit was associated with significantly higher positive responses to all questions, even those regarding logistical aspects of the collection process. There were significant age and race differences in response to perceived benefit: those in the Black/other race category had a markedly lower probability of viewing the process favorably with increasing age. CONCLUSIONS: Systematic collection of PROMs via an electronic questionnaire appears to be well accepted by patients. A minority of patients did not feel the questionnaire content applied to their appointment or that the system was a beneficial feature of the clinical practice. The provider can significantly improve the patient's perception of PROM collection and the patient-physician encounter by reviewing the questionnaire results with the patient.
28000171|a|
28000178|a|PURPOSE: Type 1 diabetes is an autoimmune disease caused by the destruction of b-cells in the pancreas. Bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells are multipotent and easy accessible adult stem cells that may provide options in the treatment of type 1 diabetes. Injured pancreatic extract can promote the differentiation of rat bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells into b-cells. We aimed to observe the effect of quercetin in differentiation and insulin secretion in b-cells. METHODS: Bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells were obtained from the tibiae of rats. Cell surface markers were analyzed by flow cytometry. The cells were treated with rat injured pancreatic extract and quercetin for 2  weeks. Insulin secretion was measured by ELISA. Insulin expression and some islet factors were evaluated by RT-PCR. PDX1, a marker for b-cell function and differentiation, was evaluated by both immunocytochemistry and Western blot. b-cell count was determined by stereology and cell count assay. RESULTS: ELISA showed significant differences in insulin secretion in the cells treated with RIPE  +  20   M quercetin (0.55      0.01    g/L) compared with the cells treated with RIPE alone (0.48      0.01    g/L) (P  =  0.026). RT-PCR results confirmed insulin expression in both groups. PDX1 protein was detected in both groups by Western blot and immunocytochemistry. Stereology results showed a significant increase in b-cell number in the RIPE  +  quercetin-treated cells (47      2.0) when compared with RIPE treatment alone (44      2.5) (P  =  0.015). CONCLUSIONS: Quercetin has a strengthening effect on the differentiation of rat bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells into b-cells and increases insulin secretion from the differentiated b-cells in vitro.
28000182|a|The treatment of rectovaginal fistula is quite difficult. It is a formidable challenge for anorectal surgeons to successfully perform operations for rectovaginal fistulas, since both recurrence rate and incontinence rate are high. This commentary elucidates certain questions during the treatment course of rectovaginal fistula through reviewing relevant literature and our clinical practice, including the overall evaluation of the preoperative rectovaginal fistula, the choice of suitable operation timing, reasonable choice of operational procedure and standard perioperative management. Precise special examination is the base of diagnosis. Magnetic resonance and rectal Doppler ultrasound can be helpful to make a precise and standard diagnosis of rectovaginal fistula. Suitable operation timing and satisfactory intestinal preparation are the premise of successful operation. Despite the variety of the surgical treatment, there is still no standard surgical technique with respect to rectovaginal fistula. Individualization must be considered based on the anatomic features of rectovaginal fistula, its surrounding tissues, the integrity of anal sphincter, and operative repair before. Perioperative management is important both in the increase of successful operation rate and the decrease of recurrence rate.
28000184|a|The prevalence of chronic constipation is about 16% in adults, and increases with age, especially after 60 years old. Usually, surgical intervention is recommended to patients with long standing intractable constipation, who have undergone various conservative therapies. Lots of surgical procedures have been reported for different kinds of constipation, including slow transit, outlet obstruction, etc. For slow transit constipation, total or subtotal colectomy is commonly used. Merely for the internal rectal prolapse, at least 10 procedures are commonly adopted in clinic. However, no single procedure has been reached a consensus, not to mention the operative indication, principle of procedure selection and outcome assessment. Objectively, the surgical result of chronic constipation is far from perfect. Especially for outlet obstructive constipation, the satisfactory rate is only about 70%. How to enhance the surgical therapeutic effects should be expected on clinical and translation research. Fortunately, sacral neuromodulation therapy and percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation in managing refractory constipation have brought expected outcomes in recent years. Relationship between microbiota of the colonic mucosa and symptoms, and the sensory nerve regulatory mechanism have attracted much attention. We believe that more translational medicine results can be helpful in the future to improve the comprehensive efficacy of constipation.
28000189|a|Rectovaginal fistulas are distressing conditions to patients and present a therapeutic challenge to surgeons. Whether the etiology of the fistula is obstetric, Crohn's disease-related, or cryptoglandular, a thorough anatomy evaluation is required in order to select the correct repair. No single surgical technique is suitable for all rectovaginal fistulas as of now. Less invasive surgery should be selected in primary repair, and endorectal advancement flap repair was recommended as the first line therapy in most guidelines for the treatment of rectovaginal fistulas. Preoperative fecal diversion has not been shown consistently to lead to better outcomes, thus most surgeons suggested that diverting stoma is not imperative in majority of patients, unless the tissue interposition was undertaken. The tissue interposition or transabdominal repair should be considered for multiple failure or recurrent complex rectovaginal fistulas. Familiarity with the various surgical techniques described and the ability to apply the appropriate surgery to correct patients will increase the chance of a successful intervention.
28000190|a|OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) combined with soluble dietary fiber and probiotics for slow transit constipation(STC). METHODS: Twenty-three patients with STC from Jinling Hospital, Medical School of Nanjing University were prospectively enrolled between April 2015 and January 2016. STC patients received FMT combined with soluble dietary fiber and probiotics. Fresh stool(100 g) was immediately mixed in a blender with 500 ml of 0.9% sterile saline for several seconds, which was then filtered through a gauze pad and a decreasing number of gauze screen (2.0 to 0.5 mm). The fecal bacteria suspension was stored frozen at -20centi-degree. The preparation time of FMT material was less than 1 hour. Total time of treatment was 9 days. An initial oral antibiotics(vancomycin 500 mg orally twice per day) was given for 3 consecutive days. Then the fecal microbiota(100 ml) was infused slowly(5 min) through nasojejunal tube for 6 consecutive days. After FMT, patients were recommended to receive soluble dietary fiber (pectin, 8 g/d) and probiotics (bifid triple viable capsules, twice per day) for 4 weeks. Rates of clinical improvement and remission, adverse events, constipation-related symptoms (PAC-SYM scores), bowel movements per week and gastrointestinal quality-of-life index (GIQLI) were recorded during the 12-week follow-up. This study was registered in the Clinical Trials.gov (NCT02016469). RESULTS: Among 23 patients, 7 were male, 16 were female, the mean age was (49.6  14.7) years, the body mass index was (21.2  2.2) kg/m(2), the duration of constipation was (8.3  5.9) years, and the defecation frequency was 1.8  0.7 per week. Compared with pre-treatment, PAC-SYM scores decreased significantly from 2.3  0.5 to 1.3  0.4 at week 12 (P<0.01), defecation frequency increased from 1.8  0.7 per week to 4.8  2.0 per week at week 12 (P<0.01), and patients felt satisfied with improved GIQLI score (from 78.5  15.5 to 120.8  21.3, P<0.01). During the follow-up, the clinical improvement and remission of STC patients reached 69.6%(16/23) and 52.2%(12/23), respectively. No serious adverse events were observed. CONCLUSION: FMT combined with soluble dietary fiber and probiotics is safe and effective in treating slow transit constipation, which can improve the symptom and quality of life significantly.
28000195|a|OBJECTIVE: To investigate the risk factors of early surgical intervention in Crohn's disease (CD) patients with spontaneous intra-abdominal abscess. METHODS: Clinical data of 94 CD patients with spontaneous intra-abdominal abscess admitted to The Sixth Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University between May 2008 and Dec 2015 were analyzed retrospectively. Univariate and multivariate analysis were applied to evaluate the early surgery risk of CD patients with spontaneous intra-abdominal abscess using logistic regression model. RESULTS: A total of 94 eligible patients were identified from our registry, including 70 males and 24 females. The mean age at the diagnosis of CD and at development of abscess was 28.4 years and 30.4 years old, respectively. The median duration of CD between the diagnosis and development of an abscess was 3 years. According to the Montreal classification, L3 (ileocolonic) was the most common disease location (81.9%) in these patients. Most of the patients(76.6%) developed a single abscess, while multiple abscesses were detected in 22 patients(23.4%). Forty-four patients(46.8%) underwent surgery within 60 days after hospitalization due to spontaneous intra-abdominal abscess complicating CD. Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that history of abdominal surgery(OR=3.23, 95%CI:1.12 to 9.31, P=0.030), concomitant intestinal stenosis (OR=3.52, 95%CI:1.26 to 9.85, P=0.017) and concomitant intestinal fistula (OR=4.31, 95%CI:1.25 to 14.80, P=0.020) were the independent risk factors of early surgical intervention, while enteral nutrition (OR=0.18, 95%CI:0.05 to 0.62, P=0.007) was the independent protective factor. CONCLUSIONS: Nearly half of CD patients with spontaneous intra-abdominal abscess will undergo early surgical intervention. Patients with history of abdominal surgery, concomitant intestinal stenosis and concomitant intestinal fistula have higher risk of early surgical intervention, and appropriate application of enteral nutrition may reduce the risk.
28000197|a|OBJECTIVE: To explore the feasibility and efficacy of laparoscopic surgery in the treatment of children with persistent cloaca. METHODS: Clinical data of 26 female children with high type persistent cloaca undergoing operation in the Capital Pediatric Institution between November 2005 and February 2015 were retrospectively analyzed. Mean age of these children was (1.4  1.6) years old. Distal end of rectum locating in the superior border of pubis was the standard of diagnosis. Laparoscopy-assisted anorectoplasty (LAARP), vaginoplasty and urethroplasty were performed in 17 cases (LAARP group), including 3-port laparoscopy in 12 cases and single-port laparoscopy in 5 cases. Abdominoperineal pull through (APPT), vaginoplasty and urethroplasty were performed in the other 9 cases (APPT group). Sacral ratio (SR), length of common channel, intraoperative blood loss, operation time, postoperative hospital stay, postoperative complications and bowel function were compared between two groups. Postoperative defecation was evaluated by the Krickenbeck standard. RESULTS: Operations were successfully performed in all patients and no case in LAARP group was transferred to open abdominal operation. There were no significant differences in SR value, length of common channel and age at operation between the two groups. As compared to APPT group, the mean operative time was shorter [(124.1  4.9) minutes vs. (131.8  3.2) minutes, P=0.000], the intraoperative blood loss was less [(10.5  2.1) ml vs. (16.2  2.7) ml, P=0.000], and the postoperative hospital stay was shorter [(5.7  0.5) days vs. (9.2  0.4) days, P=0.000] in LAARP group. In LAARP group, there were no significant differences in operation time, intraoperative blood loss and postoperative hospital stay between 3-port and single-port laparoscopic surgery (all P>0.05). The mean follow-up period was (4.0  2.8) months in LAARP group and (6.0  2.3) months of APPT group. There is one case have wound infection in ARRT patients. The rates of voluntary bowel movement, soiling, constipation (grade 1, 2, 3) were similar in both groups, however, the overall bowel function after LAARP was better than that of ARRT according to the Krickenbeck classification (10.7  0.2 vs. 9.7  1.2, P=0.047). Postoperative rectal mucosa prolapse was found in 2 cases of LAARP group and 1 case in APPT group. One case of APPT group developed wound infection. No urethrovaginal fistula relapse, anal stenosis or urethral stricture was found in all the cases. CONCLUSIONS: The LAARP is safe and feasible in the treatment of persistent cloaca.
28000199|a|OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the incidence of postoperative complications of children with intermediate or high anorectal malformations treated by one-stage modified posterior sagittal anorectoplasty(PSARP) by meta-analysis. METHODS: Cases with intermediate or high anorectal malformations treated by one-stage modified PSARP nearly a decade at home and abroad were collected by searching in Wanfang Data, CNKI, and PubMed database, then all the papers that recorded the number of cases of postoperative complications were screened out according to inclusion and exclusion criteria. Meta package in RevMan 3.2.5 software was used to perform the meta analysis for rate, and logit conversion method was applied to calculate the merger of the rates. Firstly, heterogeneity inspection was carried out. If the result was P>0.05, it was the homogeneity between the instructions included in the literatures, the fixed effect model was chosen. If the results was P<0.05, the random effect model was chosen. Then rank correlation test was used to estimate the number of research to evaluate publication bias. If P was 0.05 or less, the difference was statistically significant. RESULTS: Thirteen related articles were selected and added up to 566 cases with intermediate or high anorectal malformations treated by one-stage modified PSARP. The merged rate of the complications was 28%(95%CI: 19% to 40%). The three highest rate of complications were 8%(95%CI:4% ~ 14%) of corrupt dung, 7%(95%CI:5% ~11%)of fecal incontinence and 5%(95%CI:3% ~ 10%) of rectal mucosa prolapse. CONCLUSION: The most common postoperative complications of children with intermediate or high anorectal malformations treated by one-stage modified PSARP are rectal corrupt dung and fecal incontinence.
28000202|a|OBJECTIVE: Lymphovascular space involvement (LVSI) is a major prognostic factor in type 1 endometrial cancer (EC). However, its use has been criticized because of poor subjectivity. MicroRNA signatures have recently been linked to EC pathologic characteristics. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether microRNA profiles of type 1 EC can be related to LVSI status and used as a tool to adapt therapy. STUDY DESIGN: MicroRNA expression was assessed by chip analysis and qRT-PCR in 12 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded grade 2 EC specimens with positive LVSI and in 12 specimens with negative LVSI. Various statistical analyses, including enrichment analysis and a minimum p-value approach, were performed. RESULTS: The expression levels of microRNAs 34c-5p, -23b-5p, and 23c were significantly lower in the EC with positive LVSI compared to those with negative LVSI. Women with a microRNA-34c-5p fold change <0.15 were more likely to have positive LVSI status (92.3%) compared with those with a microRNA-34c-5p fold change >0.15 (0.0%), p<0.001. Furthermore, women with a microRNA-23b-5p fold change <0.51 were more likely to have positive LVSI status (90.0%) compared with those with a microRNA-23b-5p fold change >0.51 (21.4%), p=0.003. CONCLUSION: This was the first study to investigate the relative expression of microRNA in type 1 EC according to LVSI status. This microRNA expression profile may provide a basis for further study of the microRNA function in EC, and be used as a diagnostic tool for LVSI status.
28000209|a|While it is recognized that veterans have increased rates of depression, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), suicide, and substance use disorders, rates of homicide and unintentional injury deaths in veterans have been minimally investigated. We evaluated all non-natural deaths in New Mexico veterans between 2002 and 2011 in comparison with non-natural deaths among non-veterans. We reviewed all decedents in New Mexico with a history of military service and investigated by the medical examiner, excluding natural deaths and deaths due to fall from standing height. The most common manner of death was unintentional injury (62%), most of these deaths due to motor vehicle accidents (29%) followed by unintentional overdose (26%). Suicide rates among veterans were consistently higher than the general population. The most common mechanism of suicide in men was gunshot wound (72%), and intentional overdose in women (49%). Services are needed for veterans that are tailored to all ages and both sexes.
28000210|a|The behaviour of sexually mature Arctic charr Salvelinus alpinus specimens (fifth farm generation) was observed in captivity for four consecutive days. Only agonistic interactions between males of different size were facilitated on the first 2   days, while both agonistic and courtship interactions were possible from the third day up to the end of the experiment. The reliability of behavioural analysis was assessed in order to reduce the possibility of observer errors within the generated datasets. The behavioural investment of big males, small males and females was analysed using general linear models (two-way repeated measures ANOVAs with time and male size as factors). A peak in the agonistic interactions between males occurred during the first day of interactions, where the agonistic investment of big males was significantly higher than that of small males. This resulted in an increased investment in submissive behaviour by the small males, who consistently performed submissive behaviours from the second day of interactions up to the end of the trial. Big males were found to invest significantly more than small males in courtship behaviours for the duration of the trial. Even though females performed inter-sexual behaviours towards both big and small males for the entire observation period, female interaction rate towards big males was higher than towards small males. This study suggests that both male investment in mating behaviour and female preference might be related to male characteristics such as body length and that S. alpinus behavioural patterns and mate choice cues might be strongly context-related and characterized by high levels of behavioural plasticity (i.e. presence-absence of certain behavioural units or potential reversal of a mate choice cue) within the same species. Finally, in light of this, some conservation measures are discussed. In particular, effective management plans should take into account the high level of behavioural plasticity likely to be occurring in this species.
28000211|a|Studies on the robustness of ecological communities suggest that the loss or reduction in abundance of individual species can lead to secondary and cascading extinctions. However, most such studies have been simulation-based analyses of the effect of primary extinction on food web structure. In a field experiment we tested the direct and indirect effects of reducing the abundance of a common species, focusing on the diverse and self-contained assemblage of arthropods associated with an abundant Brazilian shrub, Baccharis dracunculifolia D.C. (Asteraceae). Over a 5-month period we experimentally reduced the abundance of Baccharopelma dracunculifoliae (Sternorrhyncha: Psyllidae), the commonest galling species associated with B.  dracunculifolia, in 15 replicate plots paired with 15 control plots. We investigated direct effects of the manipulation on parasitoids attacking B.  dracunculifoliae, as well as indirect effects (mediated via a third species or through the environment) on 10 other galler species and 50 associated parasitoid species. The experimental manipulation significantly increased parasitism on B.  dracunculifoliae in the treatment plots, but did not significantly alter either the species richness or abundance of other galler species. Compared to control plots, food webs in manipulated plots had significantly lower values of weighted connectance, interaction evenness and robustness (measured as simulated tolerance to secondary extinction), even when B.  dracunculifoliae was excluded from calculations. Parasitoid species were almost entirely specialized to individual galler species, so the observed effects of the manipulation on food web structure could not have propagated via the documented trophic links. Instead, they must have spread either through trophic links not included in the webs (e.g. shared predators) or non-trophically (e.g. through changes in habitat availability). Our results highlight that the inclusion of both trophic and non-trophic direct and indirect interactions is essential to understand the structure and dynamics of even apparently discrete ecological communities.
28000213|a|
28000220|a|OBJECTIVES/HYPOTHESIS: To measure odor detection thresholds and associated nasal and behavioral factors in an older adult population. STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional cohort study. METHODS: Odor detection thresholds were obtained using an automated olfactometer on 832 participants, aged 68 to 99 (mean age   =   77) years in the 21-year (2013-2016) follow-up visit of the Epidemiology of Hearing Loss Study. RESULTS: The mean odor detection threshold (ODT) score was 8.2 (range   =   1-13; standard deviation   =   2.54), corresponding to an n-butanol concentration of slightly less than 0.03%. Older participants were significantly more likely to have lower (worse) ODT scores than younger participants (P   <   .001). There were no significant differences in mean ODT scores between men and women. Older age was significantly associated with worse performance in multivariable regression models, and exercising at least once per week was associated with reduced odds of having a low (<= 5) ODT score. Cognitive impairment was also associated with poor performance, whereas a history of allergies or a deviated septum was associated with better performance. CONCLUSIONS: Odor detection threshold scores were worse in older age groups but similar between men and women in this large population of older adults. Regular exercise was associated with better odor detection thresholds, adding to the evidence that decline in olfactory function with age may be partly preventable. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: 3b. Laryngoscope, 2016.
28000222|a|The significance of infra-His conduction abnormalities observed in the electrophysiology lab can be difficult to assess. In this report we show infra-His conduction block during programmed atrial stimulation in a patient and discuss if this should be considered functional or pathological.
28000224|a|OBJECTIVES/HYPOTHESIS: Develop a low-cost, medium-fidelity model for education in endoscopic sinus surgery techniques. Establish face and content validity of the model based on the feedback of otolaryngology faculty including fellowship-trained rhinologists. STUDY DESIGN: Survey. METHODS: A novel silicone injection molded sinus model was constructed. Three fellowship-trained rhinologists and four general otolaryngologists were recruited to perform seven tasks and provide feedback of the model's performance via a 22-question Likert survey. RESULTS: Those surveyed strongly agreed the sinus model is useful for basic endoscopic skill acquisition such as camera skills (86%), hand-eye coordination (100%), nasal endoscopy skills (100%). Ratings of the model for training the specific tasks were consistently high. Neutral or lower were received for inferior turbinoplasty (14%), frontal balloon task (14%), understanding the ethmoid bulla (29%), and advanced sinus techniques (57%). All faculty strongly agreed they would be interested in using the model to train residents. CONCLUSIONS: Simulation models have proven efficacy in endoscopic skill and procedural training. The group developed a novel low-cost, medium-fidelity sinus training model utilizing three-dimensional modeling and printing. Testing of this model revealed high ratings for both face and construct validity for a range of endoscopic procedures. Strong interest in using this model for resident training was unanimous among all survey participants. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: NA Laryngoscope, 127:781-786, 2017.
28000229|a|OBJECTIVES: Terminalia catappa has shown potent antidiabetic activity in the past; however, the exact molecular mechanisms by which it acts have not been elucidated. This review aims at exploring several hypotheses which have been proposed to explain its mechanism of action, including reduction in oxidative stress, inflammation, angiogenesis, lipid profile correction and direct hypoglycaemic actions. METHODS: A thorough review of all the articles, research as well as reviews, available regarding the concerned topic was performed. MEDLINE databases were searched using keywords (and their combinations), such as T. catappa, renin oxidative stress, inflammation, angiogenesis, diabetic retinopathy, a-glucosidase and a-amylase, among several others. English-language articles were preferably selected. KEY FINDINGS: Apart from metabolic dysfunctions, several hyperglycaemia-induced pathological conditions come into scene as the after-effects of diabetes. These mainly include inflammation, oxidative stress, angiogenesis and lipid profile alteration, which ultimately result in vascular endothelial dysfunction, hepatic steatosis, lipid peroxidation and apoptosis of endothelial, hepatic and neuronal cells. Terminalia catappa effectively attenuates the progression of diabetic retinopathy and shows significant hypoglycaemic actions. The mechanisms behind these effects were explained. CONCLUSION: Terminalia catappa may provide an effective natural product to treat hyperglycaemia and prevent subsequent diabetic complications.
28000231|a|OBJECTIVES/HYPOTHESIS: Graduate medical education has traditionally required long work hours, allowing trainees little time for adequate rest. Based on concerns over performance deterioration with sleep deprivation and its effect on patient outcomes, duty hour restrictions have been mandated. We sought to characterize complications from otolaryngology key indicator procedures performed before and after duty hour reform. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cross-sectional analysis of National Inpatient Sample (NIS). METHODS: The NIS was queried for procedure codes associated with head and neck key indicator groupings for the years 2000-2002 (45,363 procedures) and 2006-2008 (51,144 procedures). Hospitals were divided into three groups: nonteaching hospitals (NTH), teaching hospitals without otolaryngology programs (TH), and teaching hospitals with otolaryngology programs (TH-OTO). Surgical complication rates, length of stay, and mortality rates were analyzed using logistic and linear regression. RESULTS: The number of procedures increased (12.7%), with TH-OTO contributing more in postrestriction years (21% to 30%). Overall complication rates between the two periods revealed no difference, regardless of hospital setting. Subset analysis showed some variation within each complication within each grouping. Length of stay increased at TH-OTO (2.75 to 2.78 days) and decreased at NTH (2.28 to 2.24 days) and TH (2.39 to 2.36 days). Mortality did not increase among the three hospital types (NTH, P   <   .58; TH, P   <   .96; TH-OTO, P   <   .06). During the latter period, TH-OTO procedures showed lower mortality (P   <   .0038, odds ratio [OR]   =   0.45, 95% confidence interval [CI]   =   0.27-0.77). Increasing Charlson comorbidity index increased overall mortality rate (P   <   .0001, OR   =   2.63, 95% CI   =   2.4-2.89). CONCLUSIONS: Overall complication rates did not change for head and neck key indicator procedures. Moreover, concerns about reduced surgical case numbers appear unfounded, especially for otolaryngology programs. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: 2c Laryngoscope, 127:1797-1803, 2017.
28000232|a|
28000238|a|AIM: To review the evidence about the role of care providers in fall prevention in older adults aged >=   65  years, this includes their views, strategies, and approaches on falls prevention and effectiveness of nursing interventions. BACKGROUND: Some fall prevention programmes are successfully implemented and led by nurses and it is acknowledged the vital role they play in developing plans for fall prevention. Nevertheless, there has not been a systematic review of the literature that describes this role and care providers' views on fall's prevention initiatives. DESIGN: A convergent synthesis of qualitative, quantitative, and mixed methods studies. The eligibility criteria will be based on participants, interventions/exposure, comparisons, and outcomes for quantitative studies and on population, the phenomena of interest and the context, for qualitative studies. To extract data and assess study qualities members of the research team will work in pairs according to their expertise. The review will follow the guidelines for integrative reviews and the proposed methods will adhere to the PRISMA statement checklist complemented by the ENTREQ framework. As qualitative synthesis are emergent, all procedures and changes in procedure will be documented. DISCUSSION: The review has a constructivist drive as studies that combine methods ought to be paradigmatic driven. Review questions are broad to allow issues emerge and have purposefully left the design flexible to allow for adjustments as the review progresses. The review seeks to highlight the roles that care providers play in fall prevention and their views on fall's prevention initiatives.
28000245|a|
28000246|a|
28000248|a|
28000252|a|UNASSIGNED: The objective of the present study was to assess the robustness and reliability of independent component analysis (ICA) as a method for ocular artifact correction in electrophysiological studies of visual-spatial attention and memory. The N2pc and sustained posterior contralateral negativity (SPCN), electrophysiological markers of visual-spatial attention and memory, respectively, are lateralized posterior ERPs typically observed following the presentation of lateral stimuli (targets and distractors) along with instructions to maintain fixation on the center of the visual search for the entire trial. Traditionally, trials in which subjects may have displaced their gaze are rejected based on a cutoff threshold, minimizing electrophysiological contamination by saccades. Given the loss of data resulting from rejection, we examined ocular correction by comparing results using standard fixation instructions against a condition where subjects were instructed to shift their gaze toward possible targets. Both conditions were analyzed using a rejection threshold and ICA correction for saccade activity management. Results demonstrate that ICA conserves data that would have otherwise been removed and leaves the underlying neural activity intact, as demonstrated by experimental manipulations previously shown to modulate the N2pc and the SPCN. Not only does ICA salvage and not distort data, but also large eye movements had only subtle effects. Overall, the findings provide convincing evidence for ICA correction for not only special cases (e.g., subjects did not follow fixation instruction) but also as a candidate for standard ocular artifact management in electrophysiological studies interested in visual-spatial attention and memory.
28000254|a|UNASSIGNED: Dry electrodes are becoming popular for both lab-based and consumer-level electrophysiological-recording technologies because they better afford the ability to move traditional lab-based research into the real world. It is unclear, however, how dry electrodes compare in data quality to traditional electrodes. The current study compared three EEG electrode types: (a) passive-wet electrodes with no onboard amplification, (b) actively amplified, wet electrodes with moderate impedance levels, and low impedance levels, and (c) active-dry electrodes with very high impedance. Participants completed a classic P3 auditory oddball task to elicit characteristic EEG signatures and event-related potentials (ERPs). Across the three electrode types, we compared single-trial noise, average ERPs, scalp topographies, ERP noise, and ERP statistical power as a function of number of trials. We extended past work showing active electrodes' insensitivity to moderate levels of interelectrode impedance when compared to passive electrodes in the same amplifier. Importantly, the new dry electrode system could reliably measure EEG spectra and ERP components comparable to traditional electrode types. As expected, however, dry active electrodes with very high interelectrode impedance exhibited marked increases in single-trial and average noise levels, which decreased statistical power, requiring more trials to detect significant effects. This power decrease must be considered as a trade-off with the ease of application and long-term use. The current results help set constraints on experimental design with novel dry electrodes, and provide important evidence needed to measure brain activity in novel settings and situations.
28000259|a|UNASSIGNED: Growing evidence suggests that loudness dependency of auditory evoked potentials (LDAEP) and resting EEG alpha and theta may be biological markers for predicting response to antidepressants. In spite of this promise, little is known about the joint reliability of these markers, and thus their clinical applicability. New standardized procedures were developed to improve the compatibility of data acquired with different EEG platforms, and used to examine test-retest reliability for the three electrophysiological measures selected for a multisite project-Establishing Moderators and Biosignatures of Antidepressant Response for Clinical Care (EMBARC). Thirty-nine healthy controls across four clinical research sites were tested in two sessions separated by about 1 week. Resting EEG (eyes-open and eyes-closed conditions) was recorded and LDAEP measured using binaural tones (1000 Hz, 40 ms) at five intensities (60-100 dB SPL). Principal components analysis of current source density waveforms reduced volume conduction and provided reference-free measures of resting EEG alpha and N1 dipole activity to tones from auditory cortex. Low-resolution electromagnetic tomography (LORETA) extracted resting theta current density measures corresponding to rostral anterior cingulate (rACC), which has been implicated in treatment response. There were no significant differences in posterior alpha, N1 dipole, or rACC theta across sessions. Test-retest reliability was .84 for alpha, .87 for N1 dipole, and .70 for theta rACC current density. The demonstration of good-to-excellent reliability for these measures provides a template for future EEG/ERP studies from multiple testing sites, and an important step for evaluating them as biomarkers for predicting treatment response.
28000261|a|UNASSIGNED: The climate in which scientific research is conducted changes over time, and in recent years there has been a shift from a positive view of programmatic science to a more negative evaluation that its contribution to scientific progress is only incremental. In this special issue focusing on the tools of a programmatic approach-replication, reliability and reproducibility-I reflect on changes in scientific practice over my research career, considering some factors contributing to changes in emphasis and highlighting potential pitfalls, particularly in terms of the impact on scientific progress and future scientists. In concluding, I suggest that, as members of the scientific community, we can influence current scientific practices in our day-to-day roles as authors, reviewers, investigators, editors, employers, and educators.
28000266|a|Despite decades of titanium as the gold standard in oral implantology, the search for alternatives has been growing. High esthetic standards and increasing incidence of titanium allergies, along with a rising demand for metal-free reconstructions, have led to the proposal of ceramics as potential surrogates. Following numerous experimental studies, zirconium dioxide (zirconia) has earned its place as a potential substitute for titanium in implantology. Yet, despite zirconia's excellent biocompatibility and tissue integration, low affinity to plaque and favorable biomechanical properties, early failures were significantly higher for zirconia implants than for titanium implants. Technical failure as a result of fracture of the material is also a major concern. So far, zirconia implants have been mainly manufactured as one-piece implant systems because of the material's limitations. Nevertheless, various two-piece systems have been progressively emerging with promising results. Screw-retained abutments are desirable but present a major technical challenge. Innovation and technical advances will undoubtedly lead to further improvement in the reliability and strength of zirconia implants, allowing for novel designs, connections and reconstructions. Additional clinical studies are required to identify all relevant technical and biological factors affecting implant success and patients' satisfaction. However, the evidence for a final verdict is, at present, still incomplete.
28000268|a|In the developed world, the large birth cohorts of the so-called baby boomer generation have arrived in medical and dental practices. Often, elderly patients are 'young-old' baby boomers in whom partial edentulism is the predominant indication for implant therapy. However, the generation 85+  years of age represents a new challenge for the dental profession, as their lives are frequently dominated by dependency, multimorbidity and frailty. In geriatric implant dentistry, treatment planning is highly individualized, as interindividual differences become more pronounced with age. Nevertheless, there are four typical indications for implant therapy: (i) avoidance of removable partial prostheses; (ii) preservation of existing removable partial prostheses; (iii) stabilization of Kennedy Class I removable partial prostheses; and (iv) stabilization of complete prostheses. From a surgical point of view, two very important aspects must be considered when planning implant surgery in elderly patients: first, the consistent strive to minimize morbidity; and, second, the fact that coexisting medical risk factors are significantly more common in elderly patients. Modern three-dimensional cone beam computed tomography imaging is often indicated in order to plan minimally invasive implant surgery. Computer-assisted implant surgery might allow flapless implant surgery, which offers a low level of postoperative morbidity and a minimal risk of postsurgical bleeding. Short and reduced-diameter implants are now utilized much more often than a decade ago. Two-stage surgical procedures should be avoided in elderly patients. Implant restorations for elderly patients should be designed so that they can be modified to become low-maintenance prostheses, or even be removed, as a strategy to facilitate oral hygiene and comfort in the final stage of life.
28000274|a|Digital protocols are increasingly influencing prosthodontic treatment concepts. Implant-supported single-unit and short-span reconstructions will benefit mostly from the present digital trends. In these protocols, monolithic implant crowns connected to prefabricated titanium abutments, which are created based on data obtained from an intraoral scan followed by virtual design and production, without the need of a physical master cast, have to be considered in lieu of conventional manufacturing techniques for posterior implant restorations. No space for storage is needed in the complete digital workflow, and if a remake is required a replica of the original reconstruction can be produced quickly and inexpensively using rapid prototyping. The technological process is split into subtractive methods, such as milling or laser ablation, and additive processing, such as three-dimensional printing and selective laser melting. The dimensions of the supra-implant soft-tissue architecture can be calculated in advance of implant placement, according to the morphologic copy, and consequently are individualized for each patient. All these technologies have to be considered before implementing new digital dental workflows in daily routine. The correct indication and application are prerequisite and crucial for the success of the overall therapy, and, finally, for a satisfied patient. This includes a teamwork approach and equally affects the clinician, the dental assistant and the technician as well. The digitization process has the potential to change the entire dental profession. The major benefits will be reduced production costs, improvement in time efficiency and fulfilment of patients' perceptions of a modernized treatment concept.
28000276|a|A fixed dental prosthesis can be secured to an endosseous implant via cementation (using a provisional or definitive cement) on an implant abutment that is screw retained to the implant or directly in the implant via screw retention. The clinical decision as to which retention system best suits the individual patient depends on several factors. The aim of this review is to present a detailed overview of the factors potentially influencing whether to choose screw retention or cement retention. These factors include the individual indication, advantages and disadvantages of the different retention mechanisms, the retention provided, retrievability, provisionalization, esthetics and clinical performance, including failures and complications. The results of recently published systematic reviews on this topic are discussed and an overview is provided. A decision tree is presented to facilitate the clinical selection of the retention type. This overview concludes that the choice of retention type (screw retained or cement retained) might not influence the overall survival of the implant-supported fixed dental prosthesis, but may be responsible for the development of certain complications. The decision may depend on technical feasibility and on weighing the pros and cons.
28000279|a|In recent years the scientific community has shown a clear interest in the esthetic outcome of implant treatment. The present paper provides an overview of the esthetic ratings that have been used in implant dentistry. A distinction can be made between objective evaluations by clinicians and subjective evaluations by patients. The former mainly include: midfacial and interproximal soft-tissue levels; two-dimensional/three-dimensional soft-tissue alterations; assessment of the color match between the natural dentition, on the one hand, and the peri-implant tissues and the reconstruction, on the other hand; and ordinal indices, such as the pink and white esthetic score. Patient's needs and judgment may differ from objective indicators of implant success and esthetics. As a result, assessing treatment on the basis of patient-reported outcomes measures should be considered important. Validated questionnaires have been used that mainly assess the impact of oral health on the overall well-being of individuals. The esthetic judgment of patients is usually based on nonstandardized questions with varying scoring methods, including visual analog scales, Likert and other category scales and open questions. The heterogeneity in scoring systems between studies may compromise proper comparison of objective and subjective esthetic outcomes between studies and therapeutic concepts.
28000282|a|Facial peri-implant mucosal recessions represent an increasing complication in implant dentistry and may negatively affect the esthetic outcome and patient satisfaction. The aim of the present paper is to provide a review on the potential causes of facial peri-implant mucosal recessions and to provide a rationale for treatment along with possible treatment options. The available data indicate that soft tissue augmentation around dental implants is possible, but at present there is no evidence demonstrating that the augmented soft tissues are able to influence the peri-implant bone levels (e.g. to limit peri-implant bone loss). Therefore, the rationale to cover or correct peri-implant mucosal recessions are (i) to optimize the possibility for performing an adequate level of oral hygiene, and (ii) to improve esthetics. At present, there is very limited evidence supporting any specific treatment modality for covering peri-implant soft tissue recessions. The limited available data indicate that only shallow peri-implant mucosal recessions (e.g. up to 2  mm) may be treated successfully by means of a coronally advanced flap and subepithelial connective tissue graft or with guided bone regeneration, while no data are available supporting the possibility of covering deep and large peri-implant mucosal recessions.
28000284|a|A new mononuclear nickel(II) complex, [NiII (dpaq)Cl] (1), containing a tetradentate monoamido ligand, dpaq (dpaq=2-[bis(pyridin-2-ylmethyl)amino]-N-(quinolin-8-yl)acetamide), has been synthesized and characterized by IR spectroscopy, elemental analysis, and UV/Vis spectroscopy. The structure of the nickel complex has been determined by X-ray crystallography. This nonheme NiII complex 1 catalyzed the epoxidation reaction of a wide range of olefins with meta-chloroperoxybenzoic acid (m-CPBA) under mild conditions. Olefin epoxidation using this catalytic system has been proposed to involve a new reactive NiIV -oxo (4) species, based on the evidence from a PPAA (peroxyphenylacetic acid) probe, Hammett studies, H218 O exchange experiments, and ESI mass spectroscopic analysis. Moreover, the nature of solvent significantly influenced partitioning between heterolytic and homolytic O-O bond cleavage of the Ni-acylperoxo intermediate (2). The O-O bond of 2 proceeded predominantly through heterolytic cleavage in a protic solvent, such as CH3 OH. These results suggest that possibly a NiIV -oxo species is a common reactive intermediate in protic solvents. The two active oxidants, namely NiIV -oxo (3) and NiIII -oxo (4), which are responsible for stereospecific olefin epoxidation and radical-type oxidations, respectively, operate in aprotic solvents.
28000289|a|Large-scale fluctuations in abundance are a common feature of small mammal populations and have been the subject of extensive research. These demographic fluctuations are often associated with concurrent changes in the average body mass of individuals, sometimes referred to as the 'Chitty effect'. Despite the long-standing recognition of this phenomenon, an empirical investigation of the underlying coupled dynamics of body mass and population growth has been lacking. Using long-term life-history data combined with a trait-based demographic approach, we examined the relationship between body mass and demography in a small mammal population that exhibits non-cyclic, large-scale fluctuations in abundance. We used data from the male segment of a 25-year study of the monogamous prairie vole, Microtus ochrogaster, in Illinois, USA. Specifically, we investigated how trait-demography relationships and trait distributions changed between different phases of population fluctuations, and the consequences of these changes for both trait and population dynamics. We observed phase-specific changes in male adult body mass distribution in this population of prairie voles. Our analyses revealed that these changes were driven by variation in ontogenetic growth, rather than selection acting on the trait. The resulting changes in body mass influenced most life-history processes, and these effects varied among phases of population fluctuation. However, these changes did not propagate to affect the population growth rate due to the small effect of body mass on vital rates, compared to the overall differences in vital rates between phases. The increase phase of the fluctuations was initiated by enhanced survival, particularly of juveniles and fecundity, whereas the decline phase was driven by an overall reduction in fecundity, survival and maturation rates. Our study provides empirical support, as well as a potential mechanism, underlying the observed trait changes accompanying population fluctuations. Body size dynamics and population fluctuations resulted from different life-history processes. Therefore, we conclude that body size dynamics in our population do not drive the observed population dynamics. This more in-depth understanding of different components of small mammal population fluctuations will help us to better identify the mechanistic drivers of this interesting phenomenon.
28000295|a|PURPOSE: Population-based prescription opioid abuse studies in which one drug is compared to another, or drugs are compared across time, often account for the availability of those drugs in the community. The objective of this investigation is to assess consistency in the relative abuse ratios (RARs) across different approaches for adjusting for drug availability. METHODS: For the years 2004 through 2010, RARs for each of four prescription opioids (hydrocodone, oxycodone, hydromorphone, and morphine) were calculated using negative binomial regression. Measures of abuse (outcome) were misuse/abuse-related emergency department visits obtained from the Drug Abuse Warning Network. Measures of drug availability (offsets) were drug utilization estimates obtained from IMS Health. Separate regression models were run using each of five measures of drug utilization: unique patients (URDD), prescriptions dispensed (RX), tablets dispensed (TD), kilograms (KGs) sold, and morphine-equivalents (MEs) of kilograms sold. These results were compared for consistency. RESULTS: Aside from oxycodone-combination products, across molecules, RARs adjusted by RXs, TDs, and URDDs were generally similar to each other while RARs adjusted by KGs and MEs were different. For example, compared to hydrocodone, oxycodone had statistically significantly increased RARs of 3.6 (95%CI: 2.0-6.5), 3.5 (95%CI: 1.9-6.4), and 2.7 (95%CI: 1.5-5.0) when adjusted by URDDs, RXs, and TDs, respectively, but not when adjusted by KGs or MEs. CONCLUSIONS: Different drug utilization adjustment approaches may yield inconsistent RAR estimates in population-based prescription opioid abuse analyses. Published 2016. This article is a U.S. Government work and is in the public domain in the USA.
28000298|a|PURPOSE: Long-acting beta agonists (LABAs) when used without concomitant inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) increase the risk of asthma-related deaths, but the effect on asthma-related death of LABA used in combination with ICS therapy is unknown. To address this question, we explored the feasibility of conducting an observational study using multiple US health care data sources. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study to evaluate the likelihood of getting an upper 95% confidence limit <= 1.4 for the asthma mortality rate ratio and <= 0.40 per 10   000 person-years for the mortality rate difference, assuming no effect of new use of combined LABA   +   ICS (versus non-LABA maintenance therapy) on asthma mortality. Ten research institutions executed centrally distributed analytic code based on a standard protocol using an extracted (2000-2010) persistent asthma cohort (asthma diagnosis and >= 4 asthma medications in 12   months). Pooled results were analyzed by the coordinating center. Asthma deaths were ascertained by linkage with the National Death Index. RESULTS: In a cohort of 994   627 persistent asthma patients (2.4 million person-years; 278 asthma deaths), probabilities of the upper 95% confidence limit for effect estimates being less than targeted values, assuming a null relation, were about 0.05. Modifications in cohort and exposure definitions increased exposed person-time and outcome events, but study size remained insufficient to attain study goals. CONCLUSIONS: Even with 10 data sources and a 10-year study period, the rarity of asthma deaths among patients using certain medications made it infeasible to study the association between combined LABA   +   ICS and asthma mortality with our targeted level of study precision. Copyright    2016 John Wiley _ Sons, Ltd.
28000301|a|The coexistence and coupling of ferromagnetic and ferroelectric orders in a single material is crucial for realizing next-generation multifunctional applications. The coexistence of such orders is confirmed at room temperature in epitaxial thin films of BiFe1-x Cox O3 (x <=  0.15), which manifests a spin structure change from a low-temperature cycloidal one to a high-temperature collinear one with canted ferromagnetism.
28000303|a|UNASSIGNED: Distinguishing primary cutaneous adnexal carcinoma from metastatic carcinoma of unknown primary can be a diagnostic challenge due to the frequent overlap of histologic and immunohistochemical features. A 58-year-old man presented with a tender, indurated plaque on axillary skin. Biopsy revealed infiltrating atypical cells throughout the dermis, without connection to the epidermis. Tumor cells had a histiocytoid appearance and displayed mild pleomorphism. The tumor was discohesive and had areas with a single file pattern. Signet ring cells were also present. Cells were reactive with CK7, CK5/6, p63, GATA3, GCDFP-15 and Her 2-neu. Additional studies were negative, including TTF-1, CDX2, E-cadherin, mammaglobin, estrogen receptor and progesterone receptor. Thorough clinical and radiologic evaluation failed to identify an occult primary extracutaneous malignancy; however, regional lymphadenopathy, widespread osteoblastic lesions and multiple subcentimeter liver hypodensities were noted. Considering the clinical and histopathologic features, the diagnosis of primary cutaneous histiocytoid carcinoma with distant metastasis was favored.
28000310|a|AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: To explore and better understand the impact that peanut allergy can have on family experiences in everyday life through interviews with individual family members. BACKGROUND: Peanut allergy affects adolescents' quality of life through the need to avoid eating peanut-containing food and the risk of anaphylaxis. Adolescence is a period of increasing separation from parents and has the highest risk of food fatalities. DESIGN: A qualitative interview study taking a phenomenological-hermeneutical approach. METHODS: Data were generated through semi-structured individual interviews with the adolescent with peanut allergy, and both parents and a sibling. Five families were interviewed, with 20 participants in total. The theoretical foundation was the family as an interactive system, and data were analysed with Ricoeur's theory of interpretation. RESULTS: The consequences of peanut allergy appeared to affect all family members and required knowledge and understanding, especially in the social network. Siblings took responsibility and had concerns for the well-being of the adolescent with allergy, while parents expressed difficulties with their child's transition to independence and their subsequent loss of control. Social relations with new family members or friends were challenged by lack of knowledge about the potential seriousness of peanut allergy. CONCLUSIONS: Risk and uncertainty were permanent companions for the adolescents with peanut allergy and their families. It takes time to acquire the necessary understanding about peanut allergy and the risk of anaphylaxis. The adolescent's social network also needs this knowledge during the transition to independent living. RELEVANCE TO CLINICAL PRACTICE: In the management of peanut allergy in adolescence, it is important to consider not only the smaller biological family unit (mothers, fathers and siblings) but to also take a wider perspective to include others such as stepfamily and friends.
28000315|a|UNASSIGNED: p53 is an important tumor-suppressor protein deactivation of which by mdm2 results in cancers. A SUMO-specific protease   4 (SUSP4) was shown to rescue p53 from mdm2-mediated deactivation, but the mechanism is unknown. The discovery by NMR spectroscopy of a "p53 rescue motif" in SUSP4 that disrupts p53-mdm2 binding is presented. This 29-residue motif is pre-populated with two transient helices connected by a hydrophobic linker. The helix at the C-terminus binds to the well-known p53-binding pocket in mdm2 whereas the N-terminal helix serves as an affinity enhancer. The hydrophobic linker binds to a previously unidentified hydrophobic crevice in mdm2. Overall, SUSP4 appears to use two synergizing modules, the p53 rescue motif described here and a globular-structured SUMO-binding catalytic domain, to stabilize p53. A p53 rescue motif peptide exhibits an anti-tumor activity in cancer cell lines expressing wild-type p53. A pre-structures motif in the intrinsically disordered proteins is thus important for target recognition.
28000322|a|INTRODUCTION: Head-drop is often encountered in myasthenia gravis (MG) patients, but its frequency and clinical course have not been studied systematically. METHODS: In a retrospective study of a cohort of MG patients seen over a period of 11 years in a tertiary medical center, we assessed the clinical characteristics of patients who had head-drop. RESULTS: Of 146 generalized MG patients, 15 had head-drop during the course of their disease. Head-drop patients had older age of onset than those who did not have head-drop (mean age of onset 59.1 vs. 42.3 years) and were predominantly men. Head-drop was present in 23% of patients   >   60 versus 6% of those   <   60 years, and it improved in 9 of 11 patients with treatment directed to generalized MG. CONCLUSIONS: Head-drop is a common, treatment-responsive manifestation of late-onset MG. Muscle Nerve 56: 441-444, 2017.
28000324|a|The fabrication of so-called ghost-leg sheets and their electronic properties is reported. This unique sheet structure is composed of one-dimensional mixed-valence nickel chains, which are linked with one another by bis(azamacrocycle) ligands. They are also topologically unique Ni(II) /Ni(III) mixed-valence complexes, as confirmed by X-ray and optical measurements. Moreover, their magnetic susceptibilities indicated two-dimensional antiferromagnetic behavior following the Fisher 1D chain model with interchain interactions, where spins on Ni(III) sites mutually interact antiferromagnetically in the sheets.
28000325|a|UNASSIGNED: The introduction of mammographic screening has resulted in a rise in the detection rate of ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS), currently accounting for one-fifth of screen-detected breast cancers. Although 60-70% of DCIS are treated with breast-conserving surgery (BCS) with or without radiotherapy, the frequency of subsequent surgery to re-excise positive margins in order to reduce the probability of recurrences remains high. DCIS recurrence is associated not only with financial, health and psychological implications; approximately half these recurrences are invasive disease. An appropriate margin width for patients undergoing BCS for invasive breast cancer has been largely agreed. Although there is a perception that such recommendations may be applicable to DCIS, major differences exist which may affect this application. Importantly, DCIS patients often do not receive systemic adjuvant (endocrine) therapy and not all receive radiotherapy in routine practice. There is evidence that wide margins (i.e. >10 mm) confer better protection against recurrence than positive (i.e. 0 mm) margins; however, there remains a debate concerning the optimum margin width between 0 and 10 mm. Previous studies have demonstrated that radiation therapy may not compensate for lack of re-excision in those patients with positive or close margins, while wide margins will inevitably compromise cosmesis and patients' body image perception. This review aims to address the clinical question of the minimal margin width in DCIS treated with BCS that is associated with the lowest recurrence rate and when, therefore, further surgical intervention for re-excision can be safely avoided. A range of clinical circumstances that might affect this are considered.
28000334|a|UNASSIGNED: Supramolecular capsules were assembled by neutral halogen bonding (XB) and studied in the solid state, in solution, and in the gas phase. The geometry of the highly organized capsules is shown by an X-ray crystal structure which features the assembly of two XB hemispheres, geometrically rigidified by H-bonding to eight MeOH molecules and encapsulation of two benzene guests. To enhance capsular association strength, tuning the XB donor is more efficient than tuning the XB acceptor, due to desolvation penalties in protic solvents, as shown for a tetraquinuclidine XB acceptor hemisphere. With a tetra(iodoethynyl) XB donor and a tetralutidine XB acceptor, the association in deuterated benzene/acetone/methanol 70:30:1 at 283   K reaches Ka =(2.11  0.39)*10(5)    m(-1) (  G=-6.9  0.1   kcal   mol(-1) ). The stability of the XB capsules in the gas phase was confirmed by electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (ESI-MS). A new guest binding site was uncovered within the elongated iodoethynyl capsule.
28000337|a|UNASSIGNED: A one-handed 310 -helical hexapeptide is efficiently encapsulated within the helical cavity of st-PMMA when a fullerene (C60 ) derivative is introduced at the C-terminal end of the peptide. The encapsulation is accompanied by induction of a preferred-handed helical conformation in the st-PMMA backbone with the same-handedness as that of the hexapeptide to form a crystalline st-PMMA/peptide-C60 inclusion complex with a unique optically active helix-in-helix structure. Although the st-PMMA is unable to encapsulate the 310 -helical peptide without the terminal C60 unit, the helical hollow space of the st-PMMA is almost filled by the C60 -bound peptides. This result suggests that the C60 moiety can serve as a versatile molecular carrier of specific molecules and polymers in the helical cavity of the st-PMMA for the formation of an inclusion complex, thus producing unique supramolecular soft materials that cannot be prepared by other methods.
28000340|a|The molecular crystals adamantane, C10 H16 , and adamantanecarboxylic acid, C10 H15 COOH, undergo order-disorder phase transitions at 208 and 250   K, respectively. Reverse Monte Carlo refinement of total neutron scattering data collected from deuterated samples immediately above these phase transitions shows that the high-temperature phases are well described by models in which the adamantyl groups are disordered over two sites. No correlation between the orientations of neighbouring molecules is observed. These results demonstrate that the intermolecular potential energy of these materials depends strongly on the orientation of the reference molecule but only very weakly on the orientations of its neighbours.
28000347|a|
28000349|a|
28000350|a|
28000357|a|BACKGROUND: Individuals who have autism spectrum disorders (ASD) commonly experience social anxiety (SA). Disentangling SA symptoms from core ASD characteristics is complex, partly due to diagnostic overshadowing and co-occurring alexithymia. Causal and maintaining mechanisms for SA in ASD are underexplored, but it is feasible that there is an ASD specificity to the clinical presentation, with implications for the development of targeted treatments. METHODS: Five focus groups were conducted with multidisciplinary professionals to investigate their perspectives about, and approaches to, working with individuals with ASD and SA. Data were analysed thematically. RESULTS: Data analysis revealed two overarching themes: conceptualizing SA in ASD and service provision. Our results suggest that adaptations to service provision are pertinent, so as to accommodate inherent impairments that can mediate assessment and intervention. CONCLUSIONS: Future studies should establish how aspects of the care pathway can be improved for individuals with ASD and SA.
28000359|a|
28000363|a|UNASSIGNED: Ribonucleic acids (RNA) frequently associate with proteins in many biological processes to form more or less stable complex structures. The characterization of RNA-protein complex structures and binding interfaces by nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy, X-ray crystallography, or strategies based on chemical crosslinking, however, can be quite challenging. Herein, we have explored the use of an alternative method, native top-down mass spectrometry (MS), for probing of complex stoichiometry and protein binding sites at the single-residue level of RNA. Our data show that the electrostatic interactions between HIV-1 TAR RNA and a peptide comprising the arginine-rich binding region of tat protein are sufficiently strong in the gas phase to survive phosphodiester backbone cleavage of RNA by collisionally activated dissociation (CAD), thus allowing its use for probing tat binding sites in TAR RNA by top-down MS. Moreover, the MS data reveal time-dependent 1:2 and 1:1 stoichiometries of the TAR-tat complexes and suggest structural rearrangements of TAR RNA induced by binding of tat peptide.
28000365|a|AIM: Postoperative recurrence beyond the Milan criteria is a poor prognostic factor for patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) treated with various therapies. We investigated the most useful inflammation-based prognostic score for predicting recurrence beyond the Milan criteria after initial liver resection. METHODS: From January 2007 to December 2012, 271 consecutive patients with HCC who underwent curative liver resection were enrolled. Patients were divided according to the initial recurrence pattern: recurrence beyond the Milan criteria; and recurrence within the Milan criteria, or no recurrence. The patients were classified into two groups, low platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio (PLR) (<150) and high PLR (>= 150), additionally using other inflammation-based prognostic scores. Then we analyzed the association between the recurrence patterns and the clinicopathological factors including PLR. RESULTS: Fifty-five (20.2%) patients had recurrence beyond the Milan criteria. The 5-year survival rate in patients with recurrence beyond the Milan criteria (41.6%) was significantly lower than in those with other recurrence patterns (79.7%). High PLR level was observed in 15.5% of the patients. Multivariate analysis revealed that PLR was the only independent predictive factor of recurrence patterns (odds ratio, 2.55; 95% confidence interval, 1.17-5.49; P   =   0.018). The high PLR level was significantly associated with higher serum des-y-carboxy prothrombin level, larger tumor size, and poor histological differentiation. CONCLUSION: Among several inflammatory indices, PLR is a good indicator to predict recurrence beyond the Milan criteria after liver resection for patients with HCC.
28000372|a|2-Azido-1,3-dimethylimidazolinium chloride (ADMC) and its corresponding hexafluorophosphate (ADMP) were found to be efficient diazo-transfer reagents to various organic compounds. ADMC was prepared by the reaction of 2-chloro-1,3-dimethylimidazolinium chloride (DMC) and sodium azide. ADMP was isolated as a crystal having good thermal stability and low explosibility. ADMC and ADMP reacted with 1,3-dicarbonyl compounds under mild basic conditions to give 2-diazo-1,3-dicarbonyl compounds in high yields, which were easily isolated in virtue of the high water solubility of the by-products. ADMP showed high diazo-transfer ability to primary amines even in the absence of metal salt such as Cu(II). Using this diazotization approach, various alkyl/aryl azides were directly obtained from their corresponding primary amines in high yields. Furthermore, naphthols reacted with ADMC to give the corresponding diazonaphthoquinones in good to high yields. In addition, 2-azido-1,3-dimethylimidazolinium salts were employed as azide-transfer and migratory amidation reagents.
28000374|a|UNASSIGNED: An enantioselective total synthesis of the Lycopodium alkaloid lycoposerramine   R is presented. It relies on a base-mediated cyclization that resembles the Conia-ene reaction of ynones and gold-catalyzed variants thereof. Thus, hydrindanones and other functionalized ring systems bearing an exocyclic alkene can be rapidly accessed at room temperature without noble metal catalysis or substrate preactivation.
28000379|a|OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to assess the rate, determinants, and outcomes of repeat pregnancies in women with HIV infection. METHODS: Data from a national study of pregnant women with HIV infection were used. Main outcomes were preterm delivery, low birth weight, CD4 cell count and HIV plasma viral load. RESULTS: The rate of repeat pregnancy among 3007 women was 16.2%. Women with a repeat pregnancy were on average younger than those with a single pregnancy (median age 30 vs. 33 years, respectively), more recently diagnosed with HIV infection (median time since diagnosis 25 vs. 51 months, respectively), and more frequently of foreign origin [odds ratio (OR) 1.36; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.10-1.68], diagnosed with HIV infection in the current pregnancy (OR: 1.69; 95% CI: 1.35-2.11), and at their first pregnancy (OR: 1.33; 95% CI: 1.06-1.66). In women with sequential pregnancies, compared with the first pregnancy, several outcomes showed a significant improvement in the second pregnancy, with a higher rate of antiretroviral treatment at conception (39.0 vs. 65.4%, respectively), better median maternal weight at the start of pregnancy (60 vs. 61 kg, respectively), a higher rate of end-of-pregnancy undetectable HIV RNA (60.7 vs. 71.6%, respectively), a higher median birth weight (2815 vs. 2885 g, respectively), lower rates of preterm delivery (23.0 vs. 17.7%, respectively) and of low birth weight (23.4 vs. 15.4%, respectively), and a higher median CD4 cell count (+47 cells/ L), with almost no clinical progression to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention stage C (CDC-C) HIV disease (0.3%). The second pregnancy was significantly more likely to end in voluntary termination than the first pregnancy (11.4 vs. 6.1%, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Younger and foreign women were more likely to have a repeat pregnancy; in women with sequential pregnancies, the second pregnancy was characterized by a significant improvement in several outcomes, suggesting that women with HIV infection who desire multiple children may proceed safely and confidently with subsequent pregnancies.
28000382|a|Aging is characterized by genome instability, which contributes to cancer formation and cell lethality leading to organismal decline. The high levels of DNA double-strand breaks (DSBs) observed in old cells and premature aging syndromes are likely a primary source of genome instability, but the underlying cause of their formation is still unclear. DSBs might result from higher levels of damage or repair defects emerging with advancing age, but repair pathways in old organisms are still poorly understood. Here, we show that premeiotic germline cells of young and old flies have distinct differences in their ability to repair DSBs by the error-free pathway homologous recombination (HR). Repair of DSBs induced by either ionizing radiation (IR) or the endonuclease I-SceI is markedly defective in older flies. This correlates with a remarkable reduction in HR repair measured with the DR-white DSB repair reporter assay. Strikingly, most of this repair defect is already present at 8  days of age. Finally, HR defects correlate with increased expression of early HR components and increased recruitment of Rad51 to damage in older organisms. Thus, we propose that the defect in the HR pathway for germ cells in older flies occurs following Rad51 recruitment. These data reveal that DSB repair defects arise early in the aging process and suggest that HR deficiencies are a leading cause of genome instability in germ cells of older animals.
28000384|a|In the past decades, a few synergistic feature selection algorithms have been published, which includes Cooperative Index (CI) and K-Top Scoring Pair (k-TSP). These algorithms consider the synergistic behavior of features when they are included in a feature panel. Although promising results have been shown for these algorithms, there is lack of a comprehensive and fair comparison with other feature selection algorithms across a large number of microarray datasets in terms of classification accuracy and computational complexity. There is a need in evaluating their performance and reducing the complexity of such algorithms. We compared the performance of synergistic feature selection algorithms with 11 other commonly used algorithms based on 22 microarray gene expression binary class datasets. The evaluation confirms that synergistic algorithms such as CI and k-TSP will gradually increase the classification performance as more features are used in the classifiers. Also, in order to cut down computational cost, we proposed a new feature selection ranking score called Positive Synergy Index (PSI). Testing results show that features selected using PSI as well as synergistic feature selection algorithms provide better performance compared to with all other methods, while PSI has a computational complexity significantly lower than that of other synergistic algorithms.
28000387|a|UNASSIGNED: A sensitive and convenient method for detecting epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) T790M mutations from circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with acquired EGFR-TKI resistance would be desirable to direct patient sequential treatment strategy. A comparison of two platforms for detecting EGFR mutations in plasma ctDNA was undertaken. Plasma samples and tumor samples were collected from patients with acquired EGFR-TKI resistance in Zhejiang Cancer Hospital from December 2014 to December 2015. Extracted ctDNA was analyzed using two platforms (Droplet Digital PCR and ARMS [dPCR]). A total of 108 patients were enrolled in this study. One hundred and eight patient plasma samples were detected by ddPCR and 75 were detected by ARMS. And 16 patients obtained tissue re-biopsy, using ARMS assay for detecting EGFR T790M mutation. In all, 43.7% (47/108) had acquired T790M mutation by ddPCR. In 75 patient plasma samples, comparing ddPCR with ARMS, the rates of T790M mutation were 46.7% (35/75) and 25.3% (19/75) by ddPCR and ARMS, respectively. Of all, 16 patients both had tumor and plasma samples, the T790M mutation rates were 56.3% (9/16) by ARMS in tissue and 50.5% (8/16) by ddPCR in plasma ctDNA. The progression mode tended to gradual progression in T790M mutation patients (40.4%), but the T790M negative was inclined to the mode of dramatic progression (39.3%). The patients with T790M-positive tumors had a longer time to disease progression after treatment with EGFR-TKIs (median, 13.1  months vs. 10.8  months; P  =  0.010) and overall survival (median, 35.3  months vs. 30.3  months; P  =  0.214) compared with those with T790M-negative patients. Our study demonstrates ddPCR assay may provide a highly sensitive method to detect EGFR T790M gene in plasma. And T790M-positive patients have better clinical outcomes to EGFR-TKIs than T790M-negative patients.
28000389|a|BACKGROUND: According to some studies, sentence comprehension is diminished in Alzheimer's disease (AD) patients, but they differ on what underlies the sentence comprehension impairment. Sentence comprehension in AD patients has been studied mainly in the English language. It is less clear how patients with AD speaking a morphologically rich language with grammatical morphemes indicating case and through it even thematic roles process reversible sentences. AIMS: To compare the comprehension of various syntactic constructions in Slovak-speaking AD patients and cognitively intact elderly people. We were concerned with the influence of the following aspects on sentence comprehension: its length, the order of thematic roles and the presence of a morphological cue placed on the first noun (or at the beginning of a sentence). METHODS _ PROCEDURES: We used our own Slovak test of sentence comprehension based on matching pictures to spoken sentences. These sentences contain transitive verbs and two nouns (person/animal), one functioning as a subject and the other as an object, which both can perform the action expressed by the verb. We assessed 62 healthy elderly people and two groups of AD patients. The first group consisted of 34 participants with a mild degree of AD and the other group of 43 participants with a moderate degree of AD. OUTCOME _ RESULTS: Statistical comparisons showed that the elderly controls were significantly better in the comprehension of simple active OVS (object-verb-subject word order) sentences and complex EO sentences (a centre-embedded relative clause with a relative pronoun substituting for an object) than patients with a mild degree of AD. In patients with a moderate degree of AD, comprehension of all tested sentence types was worse than in healthy elderly people. The results also indicated that even mild AD patients have more serious problems with processing sentences with non-canonical order of thematic roles regardless of a morphological cue at the beginning of a sentence. CONCLUSION _ IMPLICATIONS: The results point to diminished sentence comprehension in patients with AD. In the group of mild AD patients, the order of thematic roles played a significant role in their sentence comprehension. Even though the grammatical morphemes clearly code the functions of words in the Slovak language, mild AD patients do not process them in sentences with a non-canonical order of thematic roles at the same level as the healthy controls. Patients with moderate AD have significant problems even with the comprehension of sentences with a canonical order of thematic roles. These difficulties seem to be a consequence of insufficient resources for language processing.
28000392|a|
28000393|a|Drug-induced QT prolongation leads to life-threatening cardiotoxicity, mostly through blockage of the human ether-  -go-go-related gene (hERG) encoded potassium ion (K<sup>+</sup>) channels. The hERG channel is one of the most important antitargets to be addressed in the early stage of drug discovery process, in order to avoid more costly failures in the development phase. Using a thallium flux assay, 4,323 molecules were screened for hERG channel inhibition in a quantitative high throughput screening (qHTS) format. Here, we present support vector classification (SVC) models of hERG channel inhibition with the averaged area under the receiver operator characteristics curve (AUC-ROC) of 0.93 for the tested compounds. Both Jackknifing and bootstrapping have been employed to rebalance the heavily biased training datasets, and the impact of these two under-sampling rebalance methods on the performance of the predictive models is discussed. Our results indicated that the rebalancing techniques did not enhance the predictive power of the resulting models; instead, adoption of optimal cutoffs could restore the desirable balance of sensitivity and specificity of the binary classifiers. In an external validation set of 66 drug molecules, the SVC model exhibited an AUC-ROC of 0.86, further demonstrating the utility of this modeling approach to predict hERG liabilities.
28000399|a|UNASSIGNED: Previous studies that have examined mid-facial morphology in geographically dispersed and genetically diverse groups of humans have shown a strong adaptation of the nasal part to extreme cold environments, which was not observed in non-Arctic regions. However, it remains unclear whether different parts of the mid-face area show independent adaptation to nonpolar climates, and if so, how this adaptation impacted the morphology. To address this question, we investigated potential associations between climatic variables and the mid-facial shape in 14 populations, focusing on four aspects of the morphology: total shape, zygomatic, nasal and alveolar. The results show that when the genetic distance between populations is not considered, all aspects of the morphology are strongly correlated with all climatic variables. When the genetic distance is considered, significant correlations remain only for the zygomatic, and nasal parts with temperature, and for the nasal part and alveolar with sunshine exposure. A strong but probably artificial correlation of the alveolar with atmospheric pressure is also observed. Additionally, partial least square analyses indicate that tropical and subtropical environments are associated with smaller zygomatic and more triangular nose aperture compared to more temperate environments. These findings suggest that temperate and tropical climates have induced adaptation of zygomatic and nasal parts of the mid-face in humans, and that this adaptation was probably driven by temperature and sunlight exposure conditions. Anat Rec, 300:238-250, 2017.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
28000401|a|UNASSIGNED: The lateral margin of the zygomatic bone of Australopithecus boisei flares both anteriorly and laterally. As a result, the bone loses the suspensory bracing of the facial frame and is transformed into a visor-like structure that supports itself and gains its rigidity from its shape. The coronally oriented bony plates and the outline of the facial mask help the A. boisei face resist the effect of the visor-like structure, which tends to pull the bone plates of the face away from the midline. On the other hand, the nearly sagittal orientation of the zygomatic bone in Homo neanderthalensis helps the face resist torque and bending forces, which themselves stem from the positioning of the bite point on the anterior teeth. Although the zygomatic bones of these two taxa are highly specialized, they differ fundamentally from each other. Anat Rec, 300:152-159, 2017.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
28000407|a|UNASSIGNED: Previous research has suggested that the maxillary sinuses may act as "zones of accommodation" for the nasal region, minimizing the impact of climatic-related changes in nasal cavity breadth on surrounding skeletal structures. However, a recent study among modern human crania has identified that, in addition to nasal cavity breadth, sinus morphology also tracks lateral facial form, especially anterior-posterior positioning of the zygomatics. Here, we expand upon this previous study to further investigate these covariation patterns by employing three samples with distinct combinations of nasal and zygomatic morphologies: Northern Asians (n   =   28); sub-Saharan Africans (n   =   30); and Europeans (n   =   29). For each cranium, 30 landmarks were digitized from CT-rendered models and subsequently assigned to either a midfacial or maxillary sinus "block." Two block partial least squares (2B-PLS) analyses indicate that sinus morphology primarily reflects superior-inferior dimensions of the midface, rather than either nasal cavity breadth or zygomatic position. Specifically, individuals with relatively tall midfacial skeletons exhibit more inferiorly and laterally expanded sinuses compared to those with shorter midfaces. Further, separate across-group and within-group 2B-PLS analyses indicate that regional differences between samples primarily build upon a common pattern of midfacial and sinus covariation already present within each regional group. Allometry, while present, only explains a small portion of the midface-sinus covariation pattern. We conclude that previous findings of larger maxillary sinuses among cold-adapted individuals are not predominantly due to possession of relatively narrow nasal cavities, but to greater maxillary and zygomatic heights. Implications for sinus function and midfacial ontogeny are discussed. Anat Rec, 300:209-225, 2017.    2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
28000411|a|BACKGROUND: There are few published data to guide the use and timing of palliative radiation therapy (RT) in children. We aimed to determine the clinical outcomes of palliative RT in children and the relationship with palliative care and hospice referrals. PROCEDURE: A retrospective chart review was performed on  all patients younger than 18 years who received palliative RT in our clinic from January 2005 to January 2015. RESULTS: In the specified time period, 50 children underwent 83 courses of palliative RT. Median survival after treatment was 124 days (range, 1-1141 days). Fifteen courses were delivered to children in the last 30 days of life (dol). Palliative RT was successful in 89% of courses delivered before the last 30 dol versus 28% of courses delivered in the last 30 dol (p < 0.0001, Fisher's exact test). At the time of data collection, 43 children were deceased. Altogether, 88% of children who received palliative RT were also referred to our institution's pediatric palliative care team or to hospice at some time in their course. Of the children who died, 74% were referred to hospice and 34% were on hospice while receiving palliative RT. For children not already on hospice, the median time to hospice referral was 96 days after the last fraction (range, 0-924 days). CONCLUSIONS: Palliative RT is effective in children with advanced cancer, although less so in the last 30 dol. With careful care coordination and multidisciplinary collaboration, RT can be successfully integrated into supportive and end-of-life care for children with advanced cancer.
28000413|a|Perioperative and latent infections are leading causes of revision surgery for orthopaedic devices resulting in significant increased patient care, comorbidities, and attendant costs. Identifying biomaterial surfaces that inherently resist biofilm adhesion and bacterial expression is an important emerging strategy in addressing implant-related infections. This in vitro study was designed to compare biofilm formation on three biomaterials commonly employed in spinal fusion surgery-silicon nitride (Si3 N4 ), polyetheretherketone (PEEK), and a titanium alloy (Ti6Al4V-ELI) -using one gram-positive and one gram-negative bacterial species. Disc samples from various surface treated Si3 N4 , PEEK, and Ti6Al4V were inoculated with 105 CFU/mm2 Staphylococcus epidermidis (ATCC  14990   ) or Escherichia coli (ATCC   25922   ) and cultured in PBS, 7% glucose, and 10% human plasma for 24 and 48 h, followed by retrieval and rinsing. Vortexed solutions were diluted, plated, and incubated at 37     C for 24 to 48 h. Colony forming units (CFU/mm2 ) were determined using applicable dilution factors and surface areas. A two-tailed, heteroscedastic Student's t-test (95% confidence) was used to determine statistical significance. The various Si3 N4 samples showed the most favorable bacterial resistance for both bacilli tested. The mechanisms for the bacteriostatic behavior of Si3 N4 are likely due to multivariate surface effects including submicron-topography, negative charging, and chemical interactions which form peroxynitrite (an oxidative agent). Si3 N4 is a new biomaterial with the apparent potential to inhibit biofilm formation.    2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Biomed Mater Res Part A: 105A: 1521-1534, 2017.
28000423|a|OBJECTIVE: Anxious and depressive states are associated with increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and a proinflammatory phenotype, although the latter appears to be at least partially explained by adiposity. It was hypothesized that depression and anxiety would be associated with elevated inflammation independent of adiposity in persons with obesity at high risk of CVD. METHODS: This study explored the relation between baseline anxiety as measured by the Beck Anxiety Inventory and depression as measured by the Beck Depression Inventory-II and baseline serum c-reactive protein (CRP) in a cross-sectional sample of 100 participants [mean (SD) age 57.8 (7.7) years; 64% female] with obesity [mean (SD) body mass index, BMI 37.3 (5.5) kg/m(2) ] enrolled in a clinical trial for pharmacological weight loss. RESULTS: Beck Anxiety Inventory, but not Beck Depression Inventory-II, scores were significantly correlated with CRP (     =   0.28, P   =   0.005). BMI was also highly correlated with CRP (     =   0.42, P   <   0.0001). In multivariate models, the relation between anxiety and CRP remained significant (P   =   0.038), independent of BMI, age, and sex. CONCLUSIONS: Anxiety, but not depression, was associated with elevated inflammation in persons with obesity beyond that attributable to higher BMI. Further study is warranted to assess whether anxiety represents a potential therapeutic target to mitigate corresponding CVD risk associated with elevated inflammation in persons with obesity.
28000425|a|OBJECTIVE: Evaluate safety and efficacy of the pose    procedure for obesity treatment. METHODS: Subjects with Class I to II obesity were randomized (2:1) to receive active or sham procedure, after each investigator performed unblinded lead-in cases. All subjects were provided low-intensity lifestyle therapy. Efficacy end points were the mean difference in percent total body weight loss (%TBWL) at 12 months between randomized groups, and responder rate achieving >= 5% TBWL. The primary safety end point was incidence of reported adverse events. RESULTS: Three hundred thirty-two subjects were randomized (active, n = 221; sham, n = 111); thirty-four subjects were included in the unblinded lead-in cohort. Twelve-month results were mean TBWL 7.0        7.4% in lead-in, 4.95        7.04% in active, and 1.38        5.58% in sham groups, respectively. Responder rate was 41.55% in active and 22.11% in sham groups, respectively (P < 0.0001); mean responder result was 11.5% TBWL. The differences observed between active and sham groups for co-primary end points were statistically significant (P < 0.0001); however, super superiority margin as set forth in the study design was not met. No unanticipated adverse events or deaths occurred. Procedure-related serious adverse event rates were 5.0% (active) and 0.9% (sham), P = 0.068. CONCLUSIONS: The pose procedure was safe and resulted in statistically significant and clinically meaningful weight loss over sham through 1 year.
28000433|a|Recent studies have established the ecological and evolutionary importance of animal personalities. Individual differences in movement and space-use, fundamental to many personality traits (e.g. activity, boldness and exploratory behaviour) have been documented across many species and contexts, for instance personality-dependent dispersal syndromes. Yet, insights from the concurrently developing movement ecology paradigm are rarely considered and recent evidence for other personality-dependent movements and space-use lack a general unifying framework. We propose a conceptual framework for personality-dependent spatial ecology. We link expectations derived from the movement ecology paradigm with behavioural reaction-norms to offer specific predictions on the interactions between environmental factors, such as resource distribution or landscape structure, and intrinsic behavioural variation. We consider how environmental heterogeneity and individual consistency in movements that carry-over across spatial scales can lead to personality-dependent: (1) foraging search performance; (2) habitat preference; (3) home range utilization patterns; (4) social network structure and (5) emergence of assortative population structure with spatial clusters of personalities. We support our conceptual model with spatially explicit simulations of behavioural variation in space-use, demonstrating the emergence of complex population-level patterns from differences in simple individual-level behaviours. Consideration of consistent individual variation in space-use will facilitate mechanistic understanding of processes that drive social, spatial, ecological and evolutionary dynamics in heterogeneous environments.
28000435|a|Intraspecific plant diversity can modify the properties of associated arthropod communities and plant fitness. However, it is not well understood which plant traits determine these ecological effects. We explored the effect of intraspecific chemical diversity among neighbouring plants on the associated invertebrate community and plant traits. In a common garden experiment, intraspecific diversity among neighbouring plants was manipulated using three plant populations of wild cabbage that differ in foliar glucosinolates. Plants were larger, harboured more herbivores, but were less damaged when plant diversity was increased. Glucosinolate concentration differentially correlated with generalist and specialist herbivore abundance. Glucosinolate composition correlated with plant damage, while in polycultures, variation in glucosinolate concentrations among neighbouring plants correlated positively with herbivore diversity and negatively with plant damage levels. The results suggest that intraspecific variation in secondary chemistry among neighbouring plants is important in determining the structure of the associated insect community and positively affects plant performance.
28000443|a|Serum concentrations of PBDEs were measured using gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry in 80 children aged 15-71 months. Demographic and behavioral data were collected on parental questionnaires; a research nurse recorded anthropometric measures and insurance status. For a subset of children (n = 17), PBDEs were measured in house dust and child handwipes sampled during a home visit. In linear and Tobit regression, log-transformed PBDE congeners were modeled as a function of child characteristics, including neighborhood-level socioeconomic indicators. BDE congeners 47, 99, and 100 were highly correlated and summed for analysis; BDE-153 was examined individually. PBDE serum concentrations were associated with socioeconomic factors; for example, a  20,000 increase in median household income in a child's ZIP code was associated with a 34% decrease (95%CI = 14-49%) in BDE-153 and a 26% decrease (95%CI = 6-42%) in   -BDE-47,-99,-100. Lower body-mass index (BMI) z-score and household smoking were strong predictors of higher BDE-153 levels. Among children who participated in a home visit, serum PBDE was positively correlated with handwipe PBDE (Spearman r   -BDE-47, -99, -100 = 0.48, p = 0.09), but not dust PBDE. Results indicate socioeconomic factors and BMI are strong predictors of serum PBDE levels among young children. PBDEs measured on handwipes are more predictive of serum PBDE levels than vacuum-collected dust.
28000448|a|DNA-alkylating drugs continue to remain an important weapon in the arsenal against cancers. However, they typically suffer from several shortcomings because of the indiscriminate DNA damage that they cause and their inability to specifically target cancer cells. We have developed a strategy for overcoming the deficiencies in current DNA-alkylating chemotherapy drugs by designing a site-specific DNA-methylating agent that can target cancer cells because of its selective uptake via glucose transporters, which are overexpressed in most cancers. The design features of the molecule, its synthesis, its reactivity with DNA, and its toxicity in human glioblastoma cells are reported here. In this molecule, a glucosamine unit, which can facilitate uptake via glucose transporters, is conjugated to one end of a bispyrrole triamide unit, which is known to bind to the minor groove of DNA at A/T-rich regions. A methyl sulfonate moiety is tethered to the other end of the bispyrrole unit to serve as a DNA-methylating agent. This molecule produces exclusively N3-methyladenine adducts upon reaction with DNA and is an order of magnitude more toxic to treatment resistant human glioblastoma cells than streptozotocin is, a Food and Drug Administration-approved, glycoconjugated DNA-methylating drug. Cellular uptake studies using a fluorescent analogue of our molecule provide evidence of uptake via glucose transporters and localization within the nucleus of cells. These results demonstrate the feasibility of our strategy for developing more potent anticancer chemotherapeutics, while minimizing common side effects resulting from off-target damage.
28000451|a|INTRODUCTION: Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) provides a global view of the state of health of a patient receiving home enteral nutrition (HEN). OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the HRQoL of patients receiving HEN using the NutriQoL    questionnaire, a specific instrument regardless of the underlying disease and route of administration. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Observational, prospective and multicentre study conducted in the context of the validation and assessment of the NutriQoL    questionnaire's psychometric properties. RESULTS: One-hundred-and-forty individuals [disease: cancer (58.6%), malabsorption and other (27.1%), neurological (13.6%); HEN: supplement (61.4%), sole source of nutrition (35.7%); administration route: oral (54.3%), ostomy (31.4%), nasoenteric tube (12.1%)] participated. NutriQoL    was reliable [ICC: 0.88 (95%CI: 0.80-0.93); Cronbach's a: 0.77 (1st visit) and 0.83 (2nd  visit)], valid (significant Rho), lowly sensitive to changes (effect size 0.23), can be completed by either patients or caregivers (ICC: 0.82). The mean HRQoL (SD) with NutriQoL   was 14.98 (14.86), EQ-5D tariff: 53(0.25), EQ-5D VAS: 54.15 (20.64) and COOP/WONCA charts: 23.32(5.66). HRQoL with NutriQoL   was better (p < 0.05) for oral HEN [19.54 (13,23)], than nasoenteric tube [14(11.71)], ostomy [7.02 (15.48)]; administered orally [19.54 (13.23)], than by gravity [10.97 (14.46)], pump [8.5 (19.78)] or syringe bolus [7 (11.40)]; as a supplement [19.33 (13.73)] instead of sole source of nutrition [8.18 (14.23)]. CONCLUSIONS: NutriQoL   is valid, reliable, even if lowly sensitive to change, and useful to measure HRQoL in this population. More studies are needed to know HRQoL in routine practice.
